{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2868
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \{"__autosave__":\{"label":"Autosave","agency":"SAA","country":"United States","day":330,"confidence":98,"timestamp":1773242514451,"data":\{"country":"USA","day":330,"budget":66,"confidence":98,"xp":424,"xpThisMonth":120,"monthOpsCompleted":10,"monthOpsSucceeded":10,"lastRecapDay":304,"missions":[\{"id":"M129","typeId":"FAVOR_BUREAU_SURVEILLANCE","codename":"LETHAL MERLIN","threat":2,"label":"BUREAU FAVOR: SURVEILLANCE","category":"BUREAU FAVOR","location":"DOMESTIC","city":"Boston","country":"United States","urgency":12,"urgencyLeft":12,"fillVars":\{"city":"Boston","country":"United States","codename":"LETHAL MERLIN","urgency_days":"12","agency":"SAA","leaderTitle":"the President","bureau_name":"BUREAU","agency_name":"AGENCY","military_name":"DIA","surveillance_target":"BELLHOP","target_profile":"a mid-level official with unexplained foreign contacts","bureau_case":"a foreign intelligence officer rolled-up case follow-on","legal_constraint":"judicial warrant has expired","bureau_outcome":"New lead developed from surveillance product.","target_profile_field":"BELLHOP \'97 profile partially confirmed","bureau_case_field":"a foreign intelligence officer rolled-up case follow-on \'97 case context confirmed by BUREAU liaison","surveillance_status":"Surveillance initiated \'97 coverage not yet complete","product_quality":"Partial product \'97 some gaps in coverage remain"\},"isMultiPhase":false,"status":"INCOMING","assignedInvDept":null,"invDaysLeft":0,"assignedBudget":0,"assignedExecDepts":[],"execDaysLeft":0,"successProb":0,"resultMsg":"","confDelta":0,"budgetDelta":0,"dayReceived":330,"phaseFalseFlag":false,"phaseFalseFlagText":"","phaseFalseFlagPenalty":false,"followUpSpawned":false,"suspects":[],"selectedSuspectIdx":null,"invDays":5,"execDays":4,"baseBudget":7,"invDepts":["FIELD_OPS","SIGINT"],"execDepts":["FIELD_OPS"],"opNarrative":"Field Operations deploys a covert surveillance package on BUREAU's behalf. The target is monitored for the specified period, and all collected intelligence is passed back through a secure inter-agency channel. BUREAU never officially requested this and SAA was never officially involved.","initialReport":"BUREAU liaison request: surveillance support on a domestic target linked to an active counter-espionage case. Standard channels unavailable.","fullReport":"BUREAU FAVOR BRIEF \'97 OP LETHAL MERLIN\\n\\nBUREAU has requested surveillance support on subject \\"BELLHOP\\" \'97 a mid-level official with unexplained foreign contacts.\\n\\nBUREAU case: a foreign intelligence officer rolled-up case follow-on. Legal constraint: judicial warrant has expired.\\n\\nObjective: sustained surveillance for 12 days. All intelligence to be passed back to BUREAU through back-channel. No official record.","successMsgs":["\{bureau_name\} favor completed. Surveillance on \{surveillance_target\} delivered. \{bureau_outcome\}. \{bureau_name\} liaison confirmed receipt. Relation improved.","Favor complete. Surveillance product on \{surveillance_target\} passed to \{bureau_name\}. \{bureau_outcome\}. \{bureau_name\} will remember this assistance.","\{bureau_name\} surveillance favor concluded. \{surveillance_target\} fully documented. \{bureau_outcome\}. Inter-agency relation strengthened.","Surveillance package on \{surveillance_target\} complete and delivered to \{bureau_name\}. \{bureau_outcome\}. Favor noted by \{bureau_name\} leadership.","Favor fulfilled. \{bureau_name\} received full surveillance product on \{surveillance_target\}. \{bureau_outcome\}. Relationship with \{bureau_name\} enhanced.","\{bureau_name\} surveillance assistance complete. \{surveillance_target\} \'97 product delivered. \{bureau_outcome\}. \{bureau_name\} acknowledged the favor."],"failureMsgs":["Surveillance team identified by subject \{surveillance_target\}. \{bureau_name\} alerted \'97 product incomplete. Favor obligation unfulfilled. Relationship strained.","Surveillance package burned. \{surveillance_target\} made counter-surveillance and identified our assets. \{bureau_name\} favor failed.","\{surveillance_target\} departed the area before surveillance could be established. Product undeliverable. \{bureau_name\} disappointed.","Technical surveillance failed \'97 target used methods that defeated our capability. \{bureau_name\} product incomplete. Favor not fulfilled.","Surveillance aborted when local law enforcement became involved. \{surveillance_target\} alerted. \{bureau_name\} favor compromised.","Team compromised mid-operation. Partial product only delivered to \{bureau_name\}. Favor considered incomplete. Relationship impact negative."],"confSuccess":[4,8],"confFail":[-5,-10],"intelFields":[\{"key":"target_profile_field","label":"TARGET PROFILE","value":"BELLHOP \'97 profile partially confirmed","revealed":false\},\{"key":"bureau_case_field","label":"BUREAU CASE CONTEXT","value":"a foreign intelligence officer rolled-up case follow-on \'97 case context confirmed by BUREAU liaison","revealed":false\},\{"key":"surveillance_status","label":"SURVEILLANCE STATUS","value":"Surveillance initiated \'97 coverage not yet complete","revealed":false\},\{"key":"product_quality","label":"INTELLIGENCE PRODUCT","value":"Partial product \'97 some gaps in coverage remain","revealed":false\}],"intelBonus":false,"blown":false,"blownDaysLeft":0,"lastInvOutcome":null,"agencyJustification":"BUREAU has flagged a subject under an ongoing counter-espionage case. Their legal window is closed \'97 they need eyes-on through an alternate channel. SAA covert surveillance authority provides the access BUREAU cannot legally obtain. Successful completion of this favor will strengthen the inter-agency relationship.","favorOf":"BUREAU","favorAgencyName":"The Bureau (FBI)"\},\{"id":"M128","typeId":"SURVEILLANCE_TAKEDOWN","codename":"ZIRCON ESTUARY","threat":2,"label":"SURVEILLANCE CHAIN","category":"SURVEILLANCE / TAKEDOWN","location":"DOMESTIC","city":"Washington D.C.","country":"United States","urgency":45,"urgencyLeft":42,"fillVars":\{"city":"Washington D.C.","country":"United States","codename":"ZIRCON ESTUARY","urgency_days":"45","agency":"SAA","leaderTitle":"the President","bureau_name":"BUREAU","agency_name":"AGENCY","military_name":"DIA","suspect_name":"JUNCTION","target_type":"a hostile-linked recruiter","suspect_profile":"a university researcher with access to sensitive dual-use technology","pattern_detail":"meeting pattern consistent with dead-drop tradecraft","contact_role":"a known cutout for a foreign intelligence service","contact_frequency":"whenever subject travels abroad","digital_anomaly":"steganographic image uploads to foreign-hosted platforms"\},"isMultiPhase":true,"status":"INVESTIGATING","assignedInvDept":"FIELD_OPS","invDaysLeft":1,"assignedBudget":0,"assignedExecDepts":[],"execDaysLeft":0,"successProb":0,"resultMsg":"","confDelta":0,"budgetDelta":0,"dayReceived":327,"phaseFalseFlag":false,"phaseFalseFlagText":"","phaseFalseFlagPenalty":false,"followUpSpawned":false,"suspects":[\{"alias":"JUNCTION","role":"domestic extremist facilitator","confidence":"LOW","isTarget":true,"eliminated":false\}],"selectedSuspectIdx":0,"phases":[\{"id":"INITIAL_SURVEILLANCE","name":"Phase 1: Surveillance","shortName":"SURVEILLANCE","invDaysRange":[3,5],"invDepts":["FIELD_OPS","SIGINT"],"execDaysRange":[3,5],"execDepts":["FIELD_OPS"],"budgetRange":[2,4],"confSuccess":[0,0],"confFail":[-3,-6],"falseFlagChance":0,"invDeptEfficiency":\{"FIELD_OPS":85,"SIGINT":80\},"intelFields":[\{"key":"subject_location","label":"SUBJECT LOCATION"\},\{"key":"target_profile","label":"TARGET PROFILE"\},\{"key":"surveillance_status","label":"SURVEILLANCE STATUS"\}],"intelFieldValues":\{"subject_location":["Subject \{suspect_name\} confirmed at \{city\} \'97 address identified","Subject \{suspect_name\} last seen in \{city\} \'97 address unconfirmed"],"target_profile":["\{suspect_name\} confirmed as \{target_type\}","\{suspect_name\} assessed as possibly \{target_type\}"],"surveillance_status":["Surveillance package established without compromise","Surveillance initiated \'97 pattern of life not yet established"]\},"opNarrative":"A discreet surveillance package is established on \{suspect_name\}. Field teams conduct rolling surveillance on foot and vehicle. SIGINT passively monitors digital footprint. The goal is to map the subject's daily routine, identify associates, and locate any operational infrastructure \'97 without alerting the subject.","investigateReports":["Subject \{suspect_name\} has been flagged as \{target_type\}. Initial surveillance authorization requested. Current location: \{city\}.","Intelligence flagged \{suspect_name\} as potentially \{target_type\}. Profile matches known patterns. Surveillance recommended before action.","Tip received: \{suspect_name\} may be \{target_type\}. Location: \{city\}. Surveillance package requested.","Counter-intelligence review flagged \{suspect_name\}. Assessed as \{target_type\}. Recommend immediate surveillance."],"fullBriefs":["SURVEILLANCE ASSESSMENT \'97 OP \{codename\} / Phase 1\\n\\nSubject \{suspect_name\}: \{suspect_profile\}. Surveillance established.\\n\\nInitial pattern-of-life shows: \{pattern_detail\}. Contact identified: \{contact_role\} meeting \{contact_frequency\}.\\n\\nRecommendation: Extend surveillance and conduct evidence collection at subject's premises.","SURVEILLANCE ASSESSMENT \'97 OP \{codename\} / Phase 1\\n\\nSubject \{suspect_name\} under active surveillance in \{city\}.\\n\\n\{pattern_detail\}. Three unidentified associates have been observed. Digital footprint shows \{digital_anomaly\}.\\n\\nRecommend proceeding to Phase 2: Evidence Collection.","SURVEILLANCE ASSESSMENT \'97 OP \{codename\} / Phase 1\\n\\n\{suspect_name\}: \{suspect_profile\}. Surveillance complete.\\n\\nPattern of life mapped. Contact: \{contact_role\}, meeting \{contact_frequency\}. Digital: \{digital_anomaly\}.\\n\\nEvidence collection phase recommended."],"successOutcomes":["Surveillance phase complete. \{suspect_name\}'s full routine mapped. \{contact_role\} confirmed as regular contact. Proceeding to evidence collection phase.","Phase 1 complete. Surveillance package maintained without compromise. \{digital_anomaly\} flagged for analysis. Phase 2 authorized.","Surveillance successful. Pattern of life established for \{suspect_name\}. Contact activity and digital anomalies documented. Phase 2 ready.","\{suspect_name\} under full surveillance. Routine mapped, associates identified. Proceeding to evidence collection."],"failureOutcomes":["Surveillance detected. Subject \{suspect_name\} has gone to ground. Operation will need to be rebuilt from scratch.","Surveillance package blown \'97 a counter-surveillance team spotted our assets. \{suspect_name\} has changed behavior.","\{suspect_name\} performed a surveillance detection route and identified our team. Subject has gone dark.","Technical surveillance compromised. \{suspect_name\} switched devices and changed patterns. Phase 1 inconclusive."]\},\{"id":"EVIDENCE_SEARCH","name":"Phase 2: Evidence Collection","shortName":"EVIDENCE","invDaysRange":[2,4],"invDepts":["FIELD_OPS","COUNTER_INTEL","ANALYSIS"],"execDaysRange":[1,2],"execDepts":["FIELD_OPS"],"budgetRange":[2,4],"confSuccess":[0,0],"confFail":[-5,-10],"falseFlagChance":0.3,"invDeptEfficiency":\{"FIELD_OPS":80,"COUNTER_INTEL":85,"ANALYSIS":70\},"intelFields":[\{"key":"premises_status","label":"PREMISES STATUS"\},\{"key":"entry_window","label":"ENTRY WINDOW"\},\{"key":"evidence_targets","label":"EVIDENCE TARGETS"\}],"intelFieldValues":\{"premises_status":["\{premises_type\} of \{suspect_name\} identified and fully cased","\{premises_type\} identified \'97 casing incomplete, entry risk uncharacterized"],"entry_window":["\{entry_window\} \'97 confirmed, subject movement tracked","Entry window estimated \'97 subject schedule partially established"],"evidence_targets":["\{search_focus\} \'97 specific targets identified by analysis","Evidence targets preliminary \'97 subject profile requires more work"]\},"falseFlagTexts":["ANOMALY DETECTED \'97 \{suspect_name\}'s premises yielded unexpected findings. The \\"suspicious\\" communications are personal in nature. Financial records show legitimate sources. The subject appears to be an unwitting associate of the actual target, not a principal actor.","INVESTIGATION UPDATE \'97 Evidence is inconsistent with the threat profile. \{suspect_name\}'s contact with \{contact_role\} appears to be professional, not operational. Subject may have been used as an unwitting cut-out. Significant probability we have the wrong person."],"opNarrative":"Field Operations conducts a covert entry of the subject's residence and office premises while the subject is away, confirmed by the surveillance team. Counter-Intelligence analysts review collected materials on-site. SIGINT provides overwatch. The team is looking for operational documents, devices, foreign currency, or coded communications.","investigateReports":["Surveillance data supports proceeding to evidence collection. \{suspect_name\}'s premises have been identified. Covert entry plan prepared.","Phase 1 findings support search authorization. \{suspect_name\}'s residence and office have been cased. Entry window identified.","Phase 1 complete. Evidence collection authorized. \{suspect_name\}'s \{premises_type\} ready for covert entry.","Surveillance confirms: \{suspect_name\}'s \{premises_type\} accessible during the identified \{entry_window\}."],"fullBriefs":["EVIDENCE BRIEF \'97 OP \{codename\} / Phase 2\\n\\nCovert entry of \{suspect_name\}'s \{premises_type\} is authorized. Entry window: \{entry_window\}.\\n\\nSearch focus: \{search_focus\}. Surveillance team will confirm subject location throughout.\\n\\nRisk assessment: \{entry_risk\}.","EVIDENCE BRIEF \'97 OP \{codename\} / Phase 2\\n\\nPremises search of \{suspect_name\}'s \{premises_type\} prepared.\\n\\nSurveillance has identified \{entry_window\} as the optimal window. \{entry_risk\}.\\n\\nSearch priorities: \{search_focus\}. Counter-Intelligence analyst on standby.","EVIDENCE BRIEF \'97 OP \{codename\} / Phase 2\\n\\nEntry package ready. \{premises_type\} \'97 \{suspect_name\}. Window: \{entry_window\}.\\n\\nSearch focus: \{search_focus\}. Risk: \{entry_risk\}."],"successOutcomes":["Premises search complete. Evidence recovered: \{evidence_found\}. Subject \{suspect_name\} unaware. Proceeding to apprehension phase.","Covert entry successful. \{evidence_found\} recovered from \{suspect_name\}'s premises. No sign of compromise. Phase 3 authorized.","Search complete. \{evidence_found\} obtained. \{suspect_name\} unaware. Prosecution/neutralization package ready.","\{evidence_found\} recovered cleanly. Entry and exit without detection. Phase 3 authorized."],"failureOutcomes":["Entry compromised. Team extracted without completing search. \{suspect_name\} was notified by an unknown alert system.","Search incomplete. Team discovered a hidden security measure and had to abort. Evidence haul incomplete.","Entry team encountered an unexpected occupant. Extraction without evidence. Cover may be blown.","Technical security system not identified in advance. Team aborted to avoid compromise. Phase 2 inconclusive."],"vars":\{"premises_type":["residence","office","residence and office","storage unit","vehicle and residence","off-site storage"],"entry_window":["a 3-hour gap during subject's daily commute","an overnight window while subject is traveling","a 90-minute lunch break window","a confirmed 4-hour absence on a scheduled appointment"],"entry_risk":["LOW \'97 subject has no known security measures","MODERATE \'97 basic alarm system identified","ELEVATED \'97 subject has shown awareness of surveillance tradecraft","LOW-MODERATE \'97 basic measures, manageable"],"search_focus":["encrypted devices and foreign communications","financial records and payments","operational documents or coded materials","contact lists and meeting records","foreign currency and unexplained valuables"],"evidence_found":["encrypted devices with foreign-key signatures","coded correspondence","unexplained cash and foreign currency","operational documents consistent with foreign tasking","a communication device registered to a foreign national"]\}\},\{"id":"APPREHENSION","name":"Phase 3: Apprehension","shortName":"TAKEDOWN","invDaysRange":[1,2],"invDepts":["COUNTER_INTEL","FIELD_OPS","ANALYSIS"],"execDaysRange":[1,2],"execDepts":["FIELD_OPS","SPECIAL_OPS","COUNTER_INTEL"],"budgetRange":[2,5],"confSuccess":[8,15],"confFail":[-12,-20],"falseFlagChance":0,"invDeptEfficiency":\{"COUNTER_INTEL":90,"FIELD_OPS":80,"ANALYSIS":65\},"intelFields":[\{"key":"charge_package","label":"CHARGE PACKAGE"\},\{"key":"arrest_window","label":"ARREST WINDOW"\},\{"key":"legal_auth","label":"LEGAL AUTHORIZATION"\}],"intelFieldValues":\{"charge_package":["\{charges\} \'97 full evidence package assembled and reviewed","Charges prepared \'97 evidence threshold borderline, review ongoing"],"arrest_window":["\{arrest_window\} \'97 window confirmed, subject location tracked","Arrest window planned \'97 timing not yet confirmed"],"legal_auth":["Legal authorization obtained \'97 warrant signed and in hand","Authorization pending \'97 legal review in final stages"]\},"opNarrative":"Field Operations moves to apprehend \{suspect_name\} at the pre-selected location. Counter-Intelligence has prepared a full charge package. The arrest must be clean and quiet \'97 no public exposure, no resistance provoked. Special Operations is on standby.","investigateReports":["Evidence package assembled. Arrest authorization pending final legal review. \{suspect_name\}'s current location: \{city\}.","Charge package complete. Legal framework confirmed. Apprehension team briefed and ready. Awaiting go authorization.","All evidence from Phases 1 and 2 compiled. Arrest warrant being finalized. Team ready to move.","Legal threshold met. Arrest of \{suspect_name\} authorized. Window confirmed."],"fullBriefs":["APPREHENSION BRIEF \'97 OP \{codename\} / Phase 3\\n\\nSubject \{suspect_name\}: arrest authorized on charges of \{charges\}.\\n\\nOptimal apprehension window: \{arrest_window\}. Subject will be isolated from handler contact.\\n\\nPost-arrest: subject to be transferred to \{facility\} for debrief.","APPREHENSION BRIEF \'97 OP \{codename\} / Phase 3\\n\\nAll phases complete. Arrest warrant in place for \{charges\}.\\n\\n\{suspect_name\} will be apprehended at \{arrest_window\}. Counter-Intelligence will lead the debrief.","APPREHENSION BRIEF \'97 OP \{codename\} / Phase 3\\n\\nArrest authorization: \{charges\}. Window: \{arrest_window\}.\\n\\n\{suspect_name\} transfer to \{facility\} planned immediately post-arrest."],"successOutcomes":["Subject \{suspect_name\} apprehended. \{charges\} confirmed. Transfer to secure facility underway.","\{suspect_name\} in custody. Clean arrest \'97 no complications, no public exposure. Full debrief initiated.","Arrest executed. \{suspect_name\} at \{facility\}. No resistance, no public exposure. Handler unaware.","\{suspect_name\} apprehended at \{arrest_window\}. Clean operation. Handler not alerted. Debrief commencing."],"failureOutcomes":["Apprehension failed. \{suspect_name\} was tipped off and evaded the arrest team. Subject is now a fugitive.","Arrest attempt compromised. \{suspect_name\} invoked diplomatic protection. Legal challenge filed.","\{suspect_name\} was not at the planned location. Subject appears to have been warned. Now at large.","Arrest team identified before deployment. \{suspect_name\} was notified and departed the country."],"vars":\{"charges":["espionage and unauthorized disclosure of classified material","foreign intelligence activity on domestic soil","conspiracy with a hostile foreign power","providing material support to a hostile intelligence service","theft of classified national security information"],"arrest_window":["during the subject's regular morning commute","at the subject's residence early morning","at a pre-identified regular meeting location","at a planned border crossing point"],"facility":["a classified holding facility","a secure Counter-Intelligence debrief center","an undisclosed government facility","a restricted federal detention facility"]\}\}],"currentPhaseIndex":0,"completedPhases":[],"lastPhaseMsg":"","lastPhaseName":"","lastPhaseShortName":"","lastPhaseConfDelta":0,"agencyJustification":"Standard law enforcement surveillance authorities are insufficient for the level of access required to build this case. The subject's likely foreign intelligence connections make this a national security matter outside normal criminal jurisdiction. SAA counter-intelligence authorities permit covert physical and technical surveillance that law enforcement cannot legally conduct.","currentPhaseFillVars":\{"city":"Washington D.C.","country":"United States","codename":"ZIRCON ESTUARY","urgency_days":"45","agency":"SAA","leaderTitle":"the President","bureau_name":"BUREAU","agency_name":"AGENCY","military_name":"DIA","suspect_name":"JUNCTION","target_type":"a hostile-linked recruiter","suspect_profile":"a university researcher with access to sensitive dual-use technology","pattern_detail":"meeting pattern consistent with dead-drop tradecraft","contact_role":"a known cutout for a foreign intelligence service","contact_frequency":"whenever subject travels abroad","digital_anomaly":"steganographic image uploads to foreign-hosted platforms","subject_location":"Subject JUNCTION last seen in Washington D.C. \'97 address unconfirmed","target_profile":"JUNCTION assessed as possibly a hostile-linked recruiter","surveillance_status":"Surveillance initiated \'97 pattern of life not yet established"\},"invDays":4,"invDepts":["FIELD_OPS","SIGINT"],"execDays":4,"execDepts":["FIELD_OPS"],"baseBudget":4,"confSuccess":[0,0],"confFail":[-3,-6],"opNarrative":"A discreet surveillance package is established on JUNCTION. Field teams conduct rolling surveillance on foot and vehicle. SIGINT passively monitors digital footprint. The goal is to map the subject's daily routine, identify associates, and locate any operational infrastructure \'97 without alerting the subject.","initialReport":"Counter-intelligence review flagged JUNCTION. Assessed as a hostile-linked recruiter. Recommend immediate surveillance.","fullReport":"SURVEILLANCE ASSESSMENT \'97 OP ZIRCON ESTUARY / Phase 1\\n\\nSubject JUNCTION under active surveillance in Washington D.C..\\n\\nmeeting pattern consistent with dead-drop tradecraft. Three unidentified associates have been observed. Digital footprint shows steganographic image uploads to foreign-hosted platforms.\\n\\nRecommend proceeding to Phase 2: Evidence Collection.","successMsgs":["Surveillance phase complete. \{suspect_name\}'s full routine mapped. \{contact_role\} confirmed as regular contact. Proceeding to evidence collection phase.","Phase 1 complete. Surveillance package maintained without compromise. \{digital_anomaly\} flagged for analysis. Phase 2 authorized.","Surveillance successful. Pattern of life established for \{suspect_name\}. Contact activity and digital anomalies documented. Phase 2 ready.","\{suspect_name\} under full surveillance. Routine mapped, associates identified. Proceeding to evidence collection."],"failureMsgs":["Surveillance detected. Subject \{suspect_name\} has gone to ground. Operation will need to be rebuilt from scratch.","Surveillance package blown \'97 a counter-surveillance team spotted our assets. \{suspect_name\} has changed behavior.","\{suspect_name\} performed a surveillance detection route and identified our team. Subject has gone dark.","Technical surveillance compromised. \{suspect_name\} switched devices and changed patterns. Phase 1 inconclusive."],"intelFields":[\{"key":"subject_location","label":"SUBJECT LOCATION","value":"Subject JUNCTION last seen in Washington D.C. \'97 address unconfirmed","revealed":false\},\{"key":"target_profile","label":"TARGET PROFILE","value":"JUNCTION assessed as possibly a hostile-linked recruiter","revealed":false\},\{"key":"surveillance_status","label":"SURVEILLANCE STATUS","value":"Surveillance initiated \'97 pattern of life not yet established","revealed":false\}],"intelBonus":false,"blown":false,"blownDaysLeft":0,"lastInvOutcome":null\},\{"id":"M127","typeId":"NETWORK_EXPANSION","codename":"COBALT STALKER","threat":2,"label":"NETWORK EXPANSION","category":"INTELLIGENCE OPERATIONS","location":"FOREIGN","city":"Brussels","country":"Belgium","urgency":31,"urgencyLeft":24,"fillVars":\{"city":"Brussels","country":"Belgium","codename":"COBALT STALKER","urgency_days":"31","agency":"SAA","leaderTitle":"the President","bureau_name":"BUREAU","agency_name":"AGENCY","military_name":"DIA","theater_name":"Western Europe","cover_status":"Cover identity prepared \'97 final documentation pending","recruitment_targets":"Three viable candidates identified \'97 motivation and access profiles characterized","local_ci_assessment":"Local counter-intelligence capability assessed as LIMITED \'97 favorable operational environment"\},"isMultiPhase":false,"status":"INVESTIGATING","assignedInvDept":"HUMINT","invDaysLeft":1,"assignedBudget":0,"assignedExecDepts":[],"execDaysLeft":0,"successProb":0,"resultMsg":"","confDelta":0,"budgetDelta":0,"dayReceived":323,"phaseFalseFlag":false,"phaseFalseFlagText":"","phaseFalseFlagPenalty":false,"followUpSpawned":false,"suspects":[],"selectedSuspectIdx":null,"invDays":4,"execDays":4,"baseBudget":8,"invDepts":["ANALYSIS","HUMINT","SIGINT"],"execDepts":["FOREIGN_OPS","HUMINT"],"opNarrative":"Foreign Operations establishes a cover platform in Brussels. HUMINT handlers identify and develop potential sources within the local intelligence, military, and political establishments. The recruitment cycle \'97 spot, assess, develop, recruit \'97 is executed methodically over the operational window. Supporting infrastructure (safe houses, dead drops, communications protocols) is established in parallel.","initialReport":"Current HUMINT penetration in Belgium is rated INADEQUATE. Source development operation in Brussels is recommended to address coverage gaps.","fullReport":"NETWORK EXPANSION BRIEF \'97 OP COBALT STALKER\\n\\nTheater: Western Europe. Location: Brussels, Belgium.\\n\\nCurrent intelligence coverage in this area is insufficient. This operation will develop new sources within local power structures and establish supporting clandestine infrastructure.\\n\\nRecommended approach: gradual recruitment through established cover, supported by SIGINT targeting.","successMsgs":["Network established. Three new sources recruited in \{city\}. Collection infrastructure operational. \{theater_name\} theater coverage significantly improved.","Operation complete. Source network in \{country\} is now active and producing. Dead-drop chain and secure communications established. Theater coverage upgraded.","Recruitment cycle successful. Multiple assets now reporting from \{city\}. Cover platforms secure. \{theater_name\} intelligence capability enhanced.","Network expansion achieved. New collection streams active in \{country\}. Safe house chain and exfiltration protocols in place. Coverage rating: ADEQUATE."],"failureMsgs":["Cover platform compromised in \{city\}. Lead recruiter identified by local CI. All assets burned. Network expansion failed.","Operation blown. Local security services arrested the principal agent in \{country\}. Recruitment program terminated. Coverage gap remains.","Source development unsuccessful. Target environment in \{city\} proved hostile. No viable assets recruited. \{theater_name\} coverage unchanged.","Cover story collapsed. Two officers detained briefly before diplomatic extraction. Network infrastructure abandoned. Operation failed."],"confSuccess":[2,5],"confFail":[-3,-6],"intelFields":[\{"key":"cover_status","label":"COVER PLATFORM","value":"Cover identity prepared \'97 final documentation pending","revealed":true\},\{"key":"recruitment_targets","label":"RECRUITMENT TARGETS","value":"Three viable candidates identified \'97 motivation and access profiles characterized","revealed":true\},\{"key":"local_ci_assessment","label":"LOCAL CI POSTURE","value":"Local counter-intelligence capability assessed as LIMITED \'97 favorable operational environment","revealed":false\}],"intelBonus":false,"blown":false,"blownDaysLeft":0,"lastInvOutcome":"PARTIAL","agencyJustification":"SAA requires expanded human intelligence coverage in the Western Europe theater. Current network penetration is insufficient for adequate threat detection and operational support. Authorization is requested for a clandestine recruitment and infrastructure development program in Brussels, Belgium.","networkTheaterId":"WESTERN_EUROPE"\},\{"id":"M125","typeId":"HVT_SURVEILLANCE_FOR","codename":"TITANIUM BEACON","threat":2,"label":"FOREIGN HVT SURVEILLANCE","category":"SURVEILLANCE OPS","location":"FOREIGN","city":"Bamako","country":"Mali","urgency":26,"urgencyLeft":20,"fillVars":\{"city":"Bamako","country":"Mali","codename":"TITANIUM BEACON","urgency_days":"26","agency":"SAA","leaderTitle":"the President","bureau_name":"BUREAU","agency_name":"AGENCY","military_name":"DIA","alias":"SOLSTICE","hvt_role":"financial facilitator","target_bg":"Subject responsible for financing multiple attacks against allied interests.","target_pattern":"Pattern partially mapped \'97 irregular schedule, but three fixed locations identified, gaps remain","contact_role":"an unidentified individual using counter-surveillance tradecraft","location_detail":"an unofficial safe house address","comm_device":"Communication method likely a burner device changed weekly \'97 not fully confirmed","movement_window":"a regular morning departure from the compound \'97 optimal window confirmed","counter_surv":"advanced \'97 professional security detail and SDR routine","contact_network":"an unidentified individual using counter-surveillance tradecraft \'97 confirmed contact, meeting pattern established","residence":"an unofficial safe house address in Kuala Lumpur \'97 confirmed by surveillance","target_alias":"SOLSTICE","suspect_name":"SOLSTICE","target_role":"financial facilitator","rendition_role":"financial facilitator"\},"isMultiPhase":false,"status":"EXECUTING","assignedInvDept":null,"invDaysLeft":0,"assignedBudget":6,"assignedExecDepts":["FOREIGN_OPS","HUMINT","SIGINT","ANALYSIS","SPECIAL_OPS"],"execDaysLeft":2,"successProb":87,"resultMsg":"","confDelta":0,"budgetDelta":0,"dayReceived":320,"phaseFalseFlag":false,"phaseFalseFlagText":"","phaseFalseFlagPenalty":false,"followUpSpawned":false,"suspects":[\{"alias":"SOLSTICE","role":"financial facilitator","confidence":"HIGH","isTarget":true,"eliminated":false\}],"selectedSuspectIdx":0,"invDays":3,"execDays":6,"baseBudget":9,"invDepts":["FOREIGN_OPS","SIGINT","ANALYSIS"],"execDepts":["FOREIGN_OPS"],"opNarrative":"Foreign Operations deploys a small surveillance team to the target country under civilian or commercial cover. Local HUMINT assets support the effort. SIGINT passively monitors the digital footprint. The team maps the target's movements, residence, security detail, and contact network \'97 providing the intelligence foundation for a subsequent abduction or elimination operation.","initialReport":"Target SOLSTICE reportedly at an unofficial safe house address in Bamako. Foreign surveillance package to confirm and map operational picture.","fullReport":"SURVEILLANCE BRIEF \'97 OP TITANIUM BEACON\\n\\nTarget: SOLSTICE. Role: financial facilitator. Country: Mali.\\n\\nSubject responsible for financing multiple attacks against allied interests.\\n\\nSurveillance to establish: Pattern partially mapped \'97 irregular schedule, but three fixed locations identified, gaps remain, a regular morning departure from the compound \'97 optimal window confirmed, contact an unidentified individual using counter-surveillance tradecraft, Communication method likely a burner device changed weekly \'97 not fully confirmed. Counter-surv: advanced \'97 professional security detail and SDR routine. Window: 26 days.","successMsgs":["Foreign surveillance package successfully established. SOLSTICE tracked in Bamako. Residence confirmed: an unofficial safe house address. Pattern: Pattern partially mapped \'97 irregular schedule, but three fixed locations identified, gaps remain. Contact: an unidentified individual using counter-surveillance tradecraft. Abduction window identified: a regular morning departure from the compound \'97 optimal window confirmed. Security detail: advanced \'97 professional security detail and SDR routine.","Surveillance complete. Full pattern of life on SOLSTICE. Residence: an unofficial safe house address in Bamako. Comm: Communication method likely a burner device changed weekly \'97 not fully confirmed. Contact: an unidentified individual using counter-surveillance tradecraft. Optimal window: a regular morning departure from the compound \'97 optimal window confirmed. Target unaware.","SOLSTICE under full foreign surveillance in Mali. Pattern confirmed: Pattern partially mapped \'97 irregular schedule, but three fixed locations identified, gaps remain. Residence: an unofficial safe house address. Contact network and Communication method likely a burner device changed weekly \'97 not fully confirmed documented. Action window: a regular morning departure from the compound \'97 optimal window confirmed.","Foreign surveillance dossier assembled. SOLSTICE \'97 movements mapped, residence confirmed (an unofficial safe house address), contact an unidentified individual using counter-surveillance tradecraft identified. Rendition window: a regular morning departure from the compound \'97 optimal window confirmed. Counter-surv: advanced \'97 professional security detail and SDR routine.","Surveillance operation complete without compromise. SOLSTICE in Bamako. Full pattern mapped: Pattern partially mapped \'97 irregular schedule, but three fixed locations identified, gaps remain. Residence: an unofficial safe house address. Window: a regular morning departure from the compound \'97 optimal window confirmed. Contact: an unidentified individual using counter-surveillance tradecraft.","Target SOLSTICE under full surveillance in Mali. Residence: an unofficial safe house address. Pattern: Pattern partially mapped \'97 irregular schedule, but three fixed locations identified, gaps remain. Comm: Communication method likely a burner device changed weekly \'97 not fully confirmed. Contact: an unidentified individual using counter-surveillance tradecraft. Abduction window confirmed: a regular morning departure from the compound \'97 optimal window confirmed."],"failureMsgs":["Foreign surveillance detected. SOLSTICE performed counter-surveillance and identified our team. Target has increased security posture and may relocate.","Surveillance package blown in Mali. Local security services became aware of foreign presence. Team extracted. Target alerted.","SOLSTICE departed Bamako before full surveillance picture could be established. Target location in Mali now unknown.","Technical surveillance compromised. SOLSTICE switched devices and changed patterns. Operational picture incomplete.","Surveillance team identified by target security detail. SOLSTICE now aware of surveillance interest. Counter-measures in effect.","SIGINT support lost due to local jamming. SOLSTICE moved from known location. Surveillance picture partially degraded."],"confSuccess":[3,7],"confFail":[-6,-12],"intelFields":[\{"key":"target_pattern","label":"MOVEMENT PATTERN","value":"Pattern partially mapped \'97 irregular schedule, but three fixed locations identified, gaps remain","revealed":true\},\{"key":"contact_network","label":"CONTACT NETWORK","value":"an unidentified individual using counter-surveillance tradecraft \'97 confirmed contact, meeting pattern established","revealed":true\},\{"key":"residence","label":"RESIDENCE","value":"an unofficial safe house address in Bamako \'97 confirmed by surveillance","revealed":true\},\{"key":"comm_device","label":"COMMUNICATIONS","value":"Communication method likely a burner device changed weekly \'97 not fully confirmed","revealed":true\},\{"key":"movement_window","label":"ACTION WINDOW","value":"a regular morning departure from the compound \'97 optimal window confirmed","revealed":true\}],"intelBonus":true,"blown":false,"blownDaysLeft":0,"lastInvOutcome":"CRITICAL_SUCCESS","agencyJustification":"The target is a high-value individual operating in a permissive but sensitive foreign environment. Direct action without surveillance preparation risks exposure and mission failure. A covert surveillance package will establish the pattern of life and operational window required to authorize a rendition or neutralization operation.","linkedHvtId":"H54","attachedEliteIds":[],"agencySupport":[]\},\{"id":"M124","typeId":"HVT_ABDUCTION_FOR","codename":"THORN BARRACUDA","threat":5,"label":"FOREIGN RENDITION","category":"RENDITION OPS","location":"FOREIGN","city":"Bamako","country":"Mali","urgency":11,"urgencyLeft":7,"fillVars":\{"city":"Bamako","country":"Mali","codename":"THORN BARRACUDA","urgency_days":"11","agency":"SAA","leaderTitle":"the President","bureau_name":"BUREAU","agency_name":"AGENCY","military_name":"DIA","alias":"CURARE","hvt_role":"communications handler","snatch_window":"a weekly supply run outside the compound perimeter \'97 confirmed by surveillance","security_detail":"Security estimated: moderate (6-man professional detail) \'97 confirmation incomplete","extraction_route":"Route planned: via commercial aviation under a sterile identity \'97 viability unconfirmed","transport_asset":"Transport: a diplomatic vehicle with cover documentation \'97 pre-positioning confirmation pending","location_detail":"a commercial premises used as operational cover","entry_route":"Entry route planned \'97 final clearance pending","target_alias":"CURARE","suspect_name":"CURARE","target_role":"communications handler","rendition_role":"communications handler"\},"isMultiPhase":false,"status":"ARCHIVED","assignedInvDept":null,"invDaysLeft":0,"assignedBudget":2,"assignedExecDepts":["FOREIGN_OPS","SPECIAL_OPS","HUMINT","SIGINT"],"execDaysLeft":0,"successProb":92,"resultMsg":"Foreign rendition complete. CURARE captured at a weekly supply run outside the compound perimeter \'97 confirmed by surveillance in Bamako. Security Security estimated: moderate (6-man professional detail) \'97 confirmation incomplete managed without escalation. Extraction via Route planned: via commercial aviation under a sterile identity \'97 viability unconfirmed succeeded. Target in secure transit.","confDelta":10,"budgetDelta":0,"dayReceived":320,"phaseFalseFlag":false,"phaseFalseFlagText":"","phaseFalseFlagPenalty":false,"followUpSpawned":false,"suspects":[\{"alias":"CURARE","role":"communications handler","confidence":"HIGH","isTarget":true,"eliminated":false\}],"selectedSuspectIdx":0,"invDays":2,"execDays":3,"baseBudget":5,"invDepts":["FOREIGN_OPS","HUMINT"],"execDepts":["FOREIGN_OPS","SPECIAL_OPS"],"opNarrative":"A covert snatch team inserts under civilian cover. Foreign Operations finalizes the capture plan using surveillance intelligence. Special Operations executes the apprehension at the identified window \'97 silent, fast, no escalation. The target is moved through a pre-staged safe house chain and exfiltrated via a clandestine route to a secure detention facility outside the host country. Legal exposure: zero.","initialReport":"Foreign surveillance complete. CURARE (communications handler) action window confirmed in Bamako, Mali. Rendition team ready.","fullReport":"RENDITION BRIEF \'97 OP THORN BARRACUDA\\n\\nTarget: CURARE, communications handler. Location: Bamako, Mali.\\n\\nCapture window: a weekly supply run outside the compound perimeter \'97 confirmed by surveillance. Security: Security estimated: moderate (6-man professional detail) \'97 confirmation incomplete. Location: a commercial premises used as operational cover.\\n\\nExtraction: Route planned: via commercial aviation under a sterile identity \'97 viability unconfirmed. Transport: Transport: a diplomatic vehicle with cover documentation \'97 pre-positioning confirmation pending. Exfil to secure facility confirmed.","successMsgs":["Foreign rendition complete. CURARE captured at a weekly supply run outside the compound perimeter \'97 confirmed by surveillance in Bamako. Security Security estimated: moderate (6-man professional detail) \'97 confirmation incomplete managed without escalation. Extraction via Route planned: via commercial aviation under a sterile identity \'97 viability unconfirmed succeeded. Target in secure transit.","CURARE successfully renditioned from Mali. Snatch window used as planned. Extraction route Route planned: via commercial aviation under a sterile identity \'97 viability unconfirmed clean. Transport Transport: a diplomatic vehicle with cover documentation \'97 pre-positioning confirmation pending delivered target to secure facility.","Capture operation complete. CURARE (communications handler) taken at a commercial premises used as operational cover. Security: Security estimated: moderate (6-man professional detail) \'97 confirmation incomplete managed. Extraction: Route planned: via commercial aviation under a sterile identity \'97 viability unconfirmed. No attribution. Target in transit.","Rendition successful. CURARE taken from Bamako. Window: a weekly supply run outside the compound perimeter \'97 confirmed by surveillance. Security managed. Extraction Route planned: via commercial aviation under a sterile identity \'97 viability unconfirmed via Transport: a diplomatic vehicle with cover documentation \'97 pre-positioning confirmation pending. Zero attribution. Mali authorities unaware.","Foreign rendition complete. Target CURARE secured. Extraction from Mali successful via Route planned: via commercial aviation under a sterile identity \'97 viability unconfirmed. No witnesses, no trace, no attribution.","CURARE renditioned from a commercial premises used as operational cover in Bamako. Security: Security estimated: moderate (6-man professional detail) \'97 confirmation incomplete \'97 managed. Route: Route planned: via commercial aviation under a sterile identity \'97 viability unconfirmed. Transport: Transport: a diplomatic vehicle with cover documentation \'97 pre-positioning confirmation pending. Clean operation with full deniability."],"failureMsgs":["Rendition team compromised before execution. CURARE was warned and departed a commercial premises used as operational cover hours before the operation. Mali security forces may be aware.","Snatch attempt in Bamako failed. Security detail Security estimated: moderate (6-man professional detail) \'97 confirmation incomplete was larger than assessed. Team extracted under contact. CURARE is now aware of the threat.","CURARE was not at the planned location during the a weekly supply run outside the compound perimeter \'97 confirmed by surveillance. Target may have altered schedule. Foreign operation aborted.","Extraction route Route planned: via commercial aviation under a sterile identity \'97 viability unconfirmed was compromised. Team aborted capture. CURARE alerted and has increased security posture.","Snatch operation blown. Local security services were alerted before team could execute. CURARE now under protective security. International exposure risk elevated.","Team was identified on approach. Abort ordered. CURARE escaped. Mali authorities responding. Diplomatic exposure possible."],"confSuccess":[8,14],"confFail":[-12,-20],"intelFields":[\{"key":"snatch_window","label":"SNATCH WINDOW","value":"a weekly supply run outside the compound perimeter \'97 confirmed by surveillance","revealed":true\},\{"key":"entry_route","label":"ENTRY ROUTE","value":"Entry route planned \'97 final clearance pending","revealed":true\},\{"key":"security_detail","label":"SECURITY DETAIL","value":"Security estimated: moderate (6-man professional detail) \'97 confirmation incomplete","revealed":true\},\{"key":"extraction_route","label":"EXTRACTION ROUTE","value":"Route planned: via commercial aviation under a sterile identity \'97 viability unconfirmed","revealed":true\},\{"key":"transport_asset","label":"TRANSPORT ASSET","value":"Transport: a diplomatic vehicle with cover documentation \'97 pre-positioning confirmation pending","revealed":true\}],"intelBonus":true,"blown":false,"blownDaysLeft":0,"lastInvOutcome":"CRITICAL_SUCCESS","agencyJustification":"The target is operating in a country with no extradition arrangement and a hostile intelligence environment. Legal prosecution is not feasible. The target holds critical intelligence value that cannot be obtained through any other means. Rendition authority has been personally authorized by the President. SAA covert operations teams are the only instrument capable of executing this action with full deniability.","linkedHvtId":"H51","isAbduction":true,"attachedEliteIds":[],"agencySupport":[\{"agencyId":"MILITARY","supportId":"JSOC_T1","label":"JSOC Tier 1 Element","bonusType":"execProb","bonusValue":20,"cost":20\}],"debriefHtml":"<div class=\\"db-wrap db-success\\"><div class=\\"db-toggle\\" onclick=\\"this.parentElement.classList.toggle('db-open')\\"><span class=\\"db-toggle-arrow\\">&#9654;</span><span class=\\"db-toggle-label\\">FULL OPERATIONAL DEBRIEF</span></div><div class=\\"db-body\\"><div class=\\"db-classification\\">TOP SECRET // SCI</div><div class=\\"db-title\\">AFTER-ACTION REPORT</div><div class=\\"db-subtitle\\">OP THORN BARRACUDA \'97 OBJECTIVES ACHIEVED</div><div class=\\"db-section-title\\">DEPLOYED ASSETS</div><div class=\\"db-assets\\"><div class=\\"db-asset-row\\"><span class=\\"db-asset-dept\\">FOREIGN OPS</span><span class=\\"db-asset-type\\">cell \'97 PRIMARY</span></div><div class=\\"db-asset-row\\"><span class=\\"db-asset-dept\\">SPECIAL OPS</span><span class=\\"db-asset-type\\">strike unit \'97 PRIMARY</span></div><div class=\\"db-asset-row\\"><span class=\\"db-asset-dept\\">HUMINT</span><span class=\\"db-asset-type\\">handler \'97 SUPPORT</span></div><div class=\\"db-asset-row\\"><span class=\\"db-asset-dept\\">SIGINT</span><span class=\\"db-asset-type\\">intercept team \'97 SUPPORT</span></div><div class=\\"db-asset-row db-asset-ally\\"><span class=\\"db-asset-dept\\">JSOC Tier 1 Element</span><span class=\\"db-asset-type\\">ALLIED \'97 TACTICAL</span></div></div><div class=\\"db-meta\\">Budget committed: $2M \'b7 Pre-operation success assessment: 92%</div><div class=\\"db-section-title\\">OPERATION TIMELINE</div><div class=\\"db-day\\">25 NOV 2025</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0540Z</span> Intelligence package finalized. Target identity and location confirmed via satellite imagery analysis. Confidence level: HIGH.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0615Z</span> FOREIGN OPS/SPECIAL OPS/HUMINT/SIGINT operational planning session. Assault plan developed based on site reconnaissance and target pattern-of-life data collected over the preceding 21 days.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0940Z</span> Equipment staging and loadout. Specialized equipment for covert acquisition and transport prepared and inspected.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">1010Z</span> KEYSTONE team leader assigned tactical roles and confirmed contingency procedures.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">1100Z</span> Forward staging area established 6km from target location. Communications check completed. All elements confirmed operational.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-day\\">26 NOV 2025</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0615Z</span> Final surveillance pass of target location. Target confirmed present. Security detail observed: 3 armed individuals in a mobile escort configuration.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0710Z</span> SIGINT confirmed target's phone active at location. Voice identification positive. Target is conducting no calls \'97 device on standby.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">1050Z</span> Approach route finalized. Primary: approach from elevated terrain to the north. Alternate route briefed in case of compromise.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">1315Z</span> Weather forecast for execution window: Scattered cloud cover, moonlit. Assessment: CHALLENGING BUT VIABLE.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-day\\">28 NOV 2025</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0345Z</span> H-HOUR MINUS 60. Final intelligence update: target confirmed at location. No unusual activity detected. GO authorization confirmed.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0400Z</span> KEYSTONE assault element departed staging area. Scattered cloud cover, moonlit. All teams moving to assigned positions.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0435Z</span> HUMINT handler maintained contact with a local asset providing real-time ground truth from inside the target area.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0441Z</span> JSOC Tier 1 Element element attached to the assault force during the approach phase. Operators moved with rehearsed precision \'97 zero comms, hand signals only.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0448Z</span> SIGINT intercept team monitored all target communications throughout the operation.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0457Z</span> Outer security perimeter established. 3 escape routes blocked by SPECIAL OPS elements.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0507Z</span> H-HOUR. Breach initiated via underground tunnel approach to basement level. Security detail overwhelmed before they could react.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0511Z</span> Target located in the kitchen area. Brief resistance from one individual who was quickly restrained.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0517Z</span> Target positively identified via voice comparison. Identity confirmed: CURARE.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0528Z</span> Target sedated per medical protocol and transferred to prepared transport vehicle. Cover story for disappearance will be a reported vehicle accident.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0540Z</span> Site exploitation team entered. 22 minutes of rapid evidence collection. Items recovered: communications equipment including encrypted radios.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0544Z</span> Extraction commenced via underground railroad of agency safe houses across 4 cities. All teams departed area of operations. No pursuit detected. KEYSTONE confirmed clean extraction.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0605Z</span> Target delivered to agency black site. Chain of custody documented. All FOREIGN OPS/SPECIAL OPS/HUMINT/SIGINT elements accounted for and RTB.</div><div class=\\"db-section-title\\">ASSESSMENT</div><div class=\\"db-assessment\\">High-value target CURARE has been successfully acquired in Bamako. The operation was executed by FOREIGN OPS cell, SPECIAL OPS strike unit, HUMINT handler, SIGINT intercept team. Total operation time from breach to extraction: approximately 74 minutes. The target is now in secure custody and has indicated willingness to cooperate on certain topics. Seized materials from the target location are undergoing exploitation by the Analysis Bureau. Early assessment suggests significant intelligence value. Operational security was maintained. No attribution to SAA is expected. FOREIGN OPS/SPECIAL OPS/HUMINT/SIGINT performance rated OUTSTANDING.Inter-agency coordination with JSOC Tier 1 Element was seamless \'97 their contribution materially improved the operation's outcome. </div></div></div>","archivedDay":327\},\{"id":"M123","typeId":"HVT_ABDUCTION_DOM","codename":"CORAL BASTION","threat":5,"label":"HVT ABDUCTION","category":"RENDITION OPS","location":"DOMESTIC","city":"Seattle","country":"United States","urgency":9,"urgencyLeft":0,"fillVars":\{"city":"Seattle","country":"United States","codename":"CORAL BASTION","urgency_days":"9","agency":"SAA","leaderTitle":"the President","bureau_name":"BUREAU","agency_name":"AGENCY","military_name":"DIA","alias":"KINGPIN","hvt_role":"cell commander","snatch_window":"Possible window: a regular unaccompanied appointment \'97 timing not yet fully confirmed","security_detail":"moderate \'97 small personal security detail \'97 profile fully characterized","extraction_route":"through a sterile safe house chain \'97 confirmed and pre-staged","transport_asset":"Transport: an unmarked agency van \'97 confirmation pending","location_detail":"a residential address under surveillance","entry_route":"Entry route confirmed \'97 access plan finalized","target_alias":"KINGPIN","suspect_name":"KINGPIN","target_role":"cell commander","rendition_role":"cell commander"\},"isMultiPhase":false,"status":"ARCHIVED","assignedInvDept":null,"invDaysLeft":0,"assignedBudget":4,"assignedExecDepts":["FIELD_OPS","SPECIAL_OPS","SIGINT","HUMINT","ANALYSIS"],"execDaysLeft":0,"successProb":92,"resultMsg":"Rendition complete. KINGPIN detained at Possible window: a regular unaccompanied appointment \'97 timing not yet fully confirmed. Location: a residential address under surveillance. No public trace. Extraction via through a sterile safe house chain \'97 confirmed and pre-staged. Transport: an unmarked agency van \'97 confirmation pending delivered target to secure facility.","confDelta":9,"budgetDelta":0,"dayReceived":315,"phaseFalseFlag":false,"phaseFalseFlagText":"","phaseFalseFlagPenalty":false,"followUpSpawned":false,"suspects":[\{"alias":"KINGPIN","role":"cell commander","confidence":"HIGH","isTarget":true,"eliminated":false\}],"selectedSuspectIdx":0,"invDays":3,"execDays":4,"baseBudget":8,"invDepts":["FIELD_OPS","HUMINT"],"execDepts":["FIELD_OPS","SPECIAL_OPS"],"opNarrative":"A snatch team deploys based on the established surveillance picture. Field Operations identifies the optimal window from the pattern-of-life data; Special Operations executes the capture at a moment of minimum security exposure. The target is taken silently \'97 no weapons discharge, no witnesses, no public trace. The extraction chain moves through pre-staged safe houses before reaching the secure detention facility.","initialReport":"Domestic rendition package assembled for KINGPIN. Surveillance phase complete. Authorization required for capture operation.","fullReport":"RENDITION BRIEF \'97 OP CORAL BASTION\\n\\nDomestic capture package for KINGPIN complete.\\n\\nCapture window: Possible window: a regular unaccompanied appointment \'97 timing not yet fully confirmed. Breach point: a residential address under surveillance. Security: moderate \'97 small personal security detail \'97 profile fully characterized.\\n\\nExtraction: through a sterile safe house chain \'97 confirmed and pre-staged via Transport: an unmarked agency van \'97 confirmation pending. Silence is the operational imperative.","successMsgs":["Abduction successful. KINGPIN taken at Possible window: a regular unaccompanied appointment \'97 timing not yet fully confirmed. Target incapacitated before any alarm was raised. Extraction via through a sterile safe house chain \'97 confirmed and pre-staged completed without incident. KINGPIN now in transit to secure detention facility.","KINGPIN captured and extracted. Snatch team encountered moderate \'97 small personal security detail \'97 profile fully characterized \'97 managed without incident. Extraction route through a sterile safe house chain \'97 confirmed and pre-staged clear. Transport: Transport: an unmarked agency van \'97 confirmation pending. Target in secure custody.","Rendition complete. KINGPIN detained at Possible window: a regular unaccompanied appointment \'97 timing not yet fully confirmed. Location: a residential address under surveillance. No public trace. Extraction via through a sterile safe house chain \'97 confirmed and pre-staged. Transport: an unmarked agency van \'97 confirmation pending delivered target to secure facility.","Domestic rendition successful. KINGPIN \'97 cell commander \'97 in secure custody. Capture window used effectively. No witnesses. Extraction through a sterile safe house chain \'97 confirmed and pre-staged completed cleanly.","Snatch operation complete. KINGPIN captured at a residential address under surveillance during Possible window: a regular unaccompanied appointment \'97 timing not yet fully confirmed. Security moderate \'97 small personal security detail \'97 profile fully characterized managed. Extraction through a sterile safe house chain \'97 confirmed and pre-staged \'97 clean and unattributed.","Target KINGPIN successfully renditioned. Security: moderate \'97 small personal security detail \'97 profile fully characterized. Window Possible window: a regular unaccompanied appointment \'97 timing not yet fully confirmed used as planned. Extracted via through a sterile safe house chain \'97 confirmed and pre-staged using Transport: an unmarked agency van \'97 confirmation pending. No public exposure."],"failureMsgs":["Abduction attempt failed. KINGPIN was not alone during the planned snatch window. Team aborted to avoid witnesses. Target is now aware of hostile interest.","Rendition compromised. moderate \'97 small personal security detail \'97 profile fully characterized proved more substantial than assessed. Team extracted under duress. KINGPIN has fled the area.","KINGPIN was not at a residential address under surveillance during the snatch window. Target appears to have altered routine. Opportunity lost.","Extraction route through a sterile safe house chain \'97 confirmed and pre-staged was compromised. Team aborted the operation. KINGPIN alerted. Cover may be blown.","Snatch attempt triggered a local police response before target was secured. Team broke off. KINGPIN has gone to ground.","Target KINGPIN conducted a counter-surveillance route that coincided with the planned snatch window. Operation aborted. KINGPIN location now unknown."],"confSuccess":[6,12],"confFail":[-10,-18],"intelFields":[\{"key":"snatch_window","label":"SNATCH WINDOW","value":"Possible window: a regular unaccompanied appointment \'97 timing not yet fully confirmed","revealed":true\},\{"key":"entry_route","label":"ENTRY ROUTE","value":"Entry route confirmed \'97 access plan finalized","revealed":true\},\{"key":"security_detail","label":"SECURITY DETAIL","value":"moderate \'97 small personal security detail \'97 profile fully characterized","revealed":true\},\{"key":"extraction_route","label":"EXTRACTION ROUTE","value":"through a sterile safe house chain \'97 confirmed and pre-staged","revealed":true\},\{"key":"transport_asset","label":"TRANSPORT ASSET","value":"Transport: an unmarked agency van \'97 confirmation pending","revealed":true\}],"intelBonus":false,"blown":false,"blownDaysLeft":0,"lastInvOutcome":"FAILURE","agencyJustification":"The target is a known threat actor operating on domestic soil with no prosecutable evidence trail. Formal arrest would expose classified source methods and trigger a legal challenge the prosecution cannot survive. SAA covert rendition authority permits detention outside the judicial system in cases where the intelligence value and operational necessity justify the action.","linkedHvtId":"H50","isAbduction":true,"attachedEliteIds":["EU7"],"agencySupport":[],"debriefHtml":"<div class=\\"db-wrap db-success\\"><div class=\\"db-toggle\\" onclick=\\"this.parentElement.classList.toggle('db-open')\\"><span class=\\"db-toggle-arrow\\">&#9654;</span><span class=\\"db-toggle-label\\">FULL OPERATIONAL DEBRIEF</span></div><div class=\\"db-body\\"><div class=\\"db-classification\\">TOP SECRET // SCI</div><div class=\\"db-title\\">AFTER-ACTION REPORT</div><div class=\\"db-subtitle\\">OP CORAL BASTION \'97 OBJECTIVES ACHIEVED</div><div class=\\"db-section-title\\">DEPLOYED ASSETS</div><div class=\\"db-assets\\"><div class=\\"db-asset-row\\"><span class=\\"db-asset-dept\\">FIELD OPS</span><span class=\\"db-asset-type\\">field team \'97 PRIMARY</span></div><div class=\\"db-asset-row\\"><span class=\\"db-asset-dept\\">SPECIAL OPS</span><span class=\\"db-asset-type\\">strike unit \'97 PRIMARY</span></div><div class=\\"db-asset-row\\"><span class=\\"db-asset-dept\\">SIGINT</span><span class=\\"db-asset-type\\">intercept team \'97 SUPPORT</span></div><div class=\\"db-asset-row\\"><span class=\\"db-asset-dept\\">HUMINT</span><span class=\\"db-asset-type\\">handler \'97 SUPPORT</span></div><div class=\\"db-asset-row\\"><span class=\\"db-asset-dept\\">ANALYSIS</span><span class=\\"db-asset-type\\">desk \'97 SUPPORT</span></div><div class=\\"db-asset-row db-asset-elite\\"><span class=\\"db-asset-dept\\">Station FREQUENCY \uc0\u9733 </span><span class=\\"db-asset-type\\">Signals Intelligence \'97 ELITE</span></div></div><div class=\\"db-meta\\">Budget committed: $4M \'b7 Pre-operation success assessment: 92%</div><div class=\\"db-section-title\\">OPERATION TIMELINE</div><div class=\\"db-day\\">25 NOV 2025</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0915Z</span> Intelligence package finalized. Target identity and location confirmed via technical surveillance device placement. Confidence level: HIGH.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">1050Z</span> FIELD OPS/SPECIAL OPS/SIGINT/HUMINT/ANALYSIS operational planning session. Assault plan developed based on site reconnaissance and target pattern-of-life data collected over the preceding 21 days.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">1125Z</span> Equipment staging and loadout. Specialized equipment for covert acquisition and transport prepared and inspected.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">1310Z</span> Station FREQUENCY established remote operations link. Assigned role: communications monitoring and early warning.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">1540Z</span> Forward staging area established 8km from target location. Communications check completed. All elements confirmed operational.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-day\\">26 NOV 2025</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0515Z</span> Final surveillance pass of target location. Target confirmed present. Security detail observed: 5 armed individuals in a rotating patrol.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0830Z</span> SIGINT confirmed target's phone active at location. Voice identification positive. Target is conducting personal calls \'97 appears relaxed.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">1015Z</span> Approach route finalized. Primary: helicopter insertion to a nearby clearing. Alternate route briefed in case of compromise.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">1350Z</span> Weather forecast for execution window: Scattered cloud cover, moonlit. Assessment: FAVORABLE.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-day\\">29 NOV 2025</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0100Z</span> H-HOUR MINUS 60. Final intelligence update: target confirmed at location. No unusual activity detected. GO authorization confirmed.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0122Z</span> CONDOR assault element departed staging area. Scattered cloud cover, moonlit. All teams moving to assigned positions.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0200Z</span> SIGINT jammed hostile communications on the field commander's order during the final phase.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0203Z</span> HUMINT source confirmed target disposition 59 minutes before H-hour, enabling final GO decision.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0214Z</span> ANALYSIS desk maintained the common operating picture \'97 fusing HUMINT, SIGINT, and field reporting.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0222Z</span> Outer security perimeter established. 4 escape routes blocked by SPECIAL OPS elements.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0230Z</span> H-HOUR. Breach initiated via rooftop insertion via fast-rope. Station FREQUENCY confirmed all sensor feeds active \'97 providing overwatch from the operations center. Security detail overwhelmed before they could react.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0234Z</span> Target located in a meeting room with associates. Targets offered no resistance. All subjects complied with verbal commands.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0243Z</span> Target positively identified via identifying physical characteristics. Identity confirmed: KINGPIN.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0250Z</span> Target sedated per medical protocol and transferred to prepared transport vehicle. Cover story for disappearance will be a staged domestic dispute.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0256Z</span> Site exploitation team entered. 22 minutes of rapid evidence collection. Items recovered: chemical/explosive precursor materials.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0304Z</span> Extraction commenced via private aircraft from regional airstrip. All teams departed area of operations. No pursuit detected. CONDOR confirmed clean extraction.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0324Z</span> Target delivered to designated transfer point for onward movement. Chain of custody documented. All FIELD OPS/SPECIAL OPS/SIGINT/HUMINT/ANALYSIS elements accounted for and RTB.</div><div class=\\"db-section-title\\">ASSESSMENT</div><div class=\\"db-assessment\\">High-value target KINGPIN has been successfully acquired in Seattle. The operation was executed by FIELD OPS field team, SPECIAL OPS strike unit, SIGINT intercept team, HUMINT handler, ANALYSIS desk with elite asset Station FREQUENCY attached. Total operation time from breach to extraction: approximately 42 minutes. The target is now in secure custody and has indicated willingness to cooperate on certain topics. Seized materials from the target location are undergoing exploitation by the Analysis Bureau. Early assessment suggests limited additional intelligence \'97 the target maintained strict operational security. Operational security was maintained. No attribution to SAA is expected. FIELD OPS/SPECIAL OPS/SIGINT/HUMINT/ANALYSIS performance rated OUTSTANDING.</div></div></div>","archivedDay":328\},\{"id":"M122","typeId":"FAVOR_BUREAU_DETENTION","codename":"CIPHER PINNACLE","threat":2,"label":"BUREAU FAVOR: DETENTION","category":"BUREAU FAVOR","location":"DOMESTIC","city":"Miami","country":"United States","urgency":11,"urgencyLeft":5,"fillVars":\{"city":"Miami","country":"United States","codename":"CIPHER PINNACLE","urgency_days":"11","agency":"SAA","leaderTitle":"the President","bureau_name":"BUREAU","agency_name":"AGENCY","military_name":"DIA","detention_subject":"TURNPIKE","subject_profile":"a technical witness who must be kept from foreign contact","bureau_case":"a domestic extremism network investigation","detention_reason":"witness protection measures require an off-books arrangement","subject_location":"TURNPIKE located in Miami \'97 address confirmed","detention_reason_fi":"Legal constraint: witness protection measures require an off-books arrangement \'97 details limited","hold_plan":"Covert lift plan confirmed \'97 pretext and hold location identified","bureau_link":"a domestic extremism network investigation \'97 BUREAU case linkage confirmed"\},"isMultiPhase":false,"status":"ARCHIVED","assignedInvDept":null,"invDaysLeft":0,"assignedBudget":1,"assignedExecDepts":["FIELD_OPS","SIGINT","HUMINT","ANALYSIS","SPECIAL_OPS"],"execDaysLeft":0,"successProb":92,"resultMsg":"Subject TURNPIKE detained cleanly. No trace, no official record. BUREAU case protected. Favor acknowledged by BUREAU.","confDelta":5,"budgetDelta":0,"dayReceived":315,"phaseFalseFlag":false,"phaseFalseFlagText":"","phaseFalseFlagPenalty":false,"followUpSpawned":false,"suspects":[],"selectedSuspectIdx":null,"invDays":3,"execDays":4,"baseBudget":3,"invDepts":["HUMINT","FIELD_OPS"],"execDepts":["FIELD_OPS"],"opNarrative":"Field Operations quietly lifts the subject from their current location using a cover pretext. The subject is held at a secure off-books location while BUREAU's informant program remains protected. No booking record, no official detention log. Duration of hold to be determined by BUREAU. All handled through a single cleared liaison channel.","initialReport":"BUREAU favor: detention of TURNPIKE without official processing. Informant program protection critical. Subject in Miami.","fullReport":"BUREAU DETENTION BRIEF \'97 OP CIPHER PINNACLE\\n\\nBUREAU favor: detention of TURNPIKE (a technical witness who must be kept from foreign contact).\\n\\nLocation: Miami. Case: a domestic extremism network investigation. Off-books reason: witness protection measures require an off-books arrangement.\\n\\nTarget to be lifted and held. No formal record. BUREAU controls outcome.","successMsgs":["\{bureau_name\} favor complete. \{detention_subject\} detained without official processing. Held at secure location. \{bureau_name\} liaison notified through back-channel. Sensitive informant program protected.","Detention operation successful. \{detention_subject\} quietly lifted and held. No official record created. \{bureau_name\} informed via secure channel. Favor fulfilled.","Covert detention of \{detention_subject\} complete. \{bureau_name\} informant program remains protected. Subject being transferred to \{bureau_name\} control via back-channel.","\{bureau_name\} detention favor fulfilled. \{detention_subject\} off the books and in secure hold. \{bureau_name\} liaison acknowledged. Relation improved.","Subject \{detention_subject\} detained cleanly. No trace, no official record. \{bureau_name\} case protected. Favor acknowledged by \{bureau_name\}.","Detention complete. \{detention_subject\} held off books as requested. \{bureau_name\} source network protected. Favor completed without compromise."],"failureMsgs":["Detention attempt failed. \{detention_subject\} resisted and created a public disturbance. Official police involvement. \{bureau_name\} case exposed.","Subject \{detention_subject\} was not at the expected location. Covert opportunity window closed. Favor not fulfilled.","Detention operation compromised. \{detention_subject\} was warned and is now in the wind. \{bureau_name\} source at risk.","Field team encountered unexpected witnesses during the lift. Operation aborted. \{detention_subject\} alerted. \{bureau_name\} disappointed.","Technical failure: surveillance on \{detention_subject\} lost before the detention window. Subject location unknown. Favor incomplete.","Detention blown. \{detention_subject\} invoked legal protections before the team could act. Official channels now involved. \{bureau_name\} exposure risk."],"confSuccess":[5,10],"confFail":[-6,-12],"intelFields":[\{"key":"subject_location","label":"SUBJECT LOCATION","value":"TURNPIKE located in Miami \'97 address confirmed","revealed":true\},\{"key":"detention_reason_fi","label":"LEGAL FRAMEWORK","value":"Legal constraint: witness protection measures require an off-books arrangement \'97 details limited","revealed":true\},\{"key":"hold_plan","label":"DETENTION PLAN","value":"Covert lift plan confirmed \'97 pretext and hold location identified","revealed":true\},\{"key":"bureau_link","label":"BUREAU CASE LINK","value":"a domestic extremism network investigation \'97 BUREAU case linkage confirmed","revealed":true\}],"intelBonus":false,"blown":false,"blownDaysLeft":0,"lastInvOutcome":"SUCCESS","agencyJustification":"BUREAU needs a material witness detained without formal booking. A sensitive informant program depends on this subject staying off the books. Standard detention channels create a record that would expose BUREAU's source. SAA covert detention authority provides the only mechanism that protects both the informant network and the ongoing operation.","favorOf":"BUREAU","favorAgencyName":"The Bureau (FBI)","attachedEliteIds":["EU10","EU2"],"agencySupport":[],"debriefHtml":"<div class=\\"db-wrap db-success\\"><div class=\\"db-toggle\\" onclick=\\"this.parentElement.classList.toggle('db-open')\\"><span class=\\"db-toggle-arrow\\">&#9654;</span><span class=\\"db-toggle-label\\">FULL OPERATIONAL DEBRIEF</span></div><div class=\\"db-body\\"><div class=\\"db-classification\\">TOP SECRET // SCI</div><div class=\\"db-title\\">AFTER-ACTION REPORT</div><div class=\\"db-subtitle\\">OP CIPHER PINNACLE \'97 OBJECTIVES ACHIEVED</div><div class=\\"db-section-title\\">DEPLOYED ASSETS</div><div class=\\"db-assets\\"><div class=\\"db-asset-row\\"><span class=\\"db-asset-dept\\">FIELD OPS</span><span class=\\"db-asset-type\\">field team \'97 PRIMARY</span></div><div class=\\"db-asset-row\\"><span class=\\"db-asset-dept\\">SIGINT</span><span class=\\"db-asset-type\\">intercept team \'97 SUPPORT</span></div><div class=\\"db-asset-row\\"><span class=\\"db-asset-dept\\">HUMINT</span><span class=\\"db-asset-type\\">handler \'97 SUPPORT</span></div><div class=\\"db-asset-row\\"><span class=\\"db-asset-dept\\">ANALYSIS</span><span class=\\"db-asset-type\\">desk \'97 SUPPORT</span></div><div class=\\"db-asset-row\\"><span class=\\"db-asset-dept\\">SPECIAL OPS</span><span class=\\"db-asset-type\\">strike unit \'97 PRIMARY</span></div><div class=\\"db-asset-row db-asset-elite\\"><span class=\\"db-asset-dept\\">Handler SHEPHERD \u9733 </span><span class=\\"db-asset-type\\">Human Intelligence \'97 ELITE</span></div><div class=\\"db-asset-row db-asset-elite\\"><span class=\\"db-asset-dept\\">Element RAPTOR \u9733 </span><span class=\\"db-asset-type\\">Special Activities \'97 ELITE</span></div></div><div class=\\"db-meta\\">Budget committed: $1M \'b7 Pre-operation success assessment: 92%</div><div class=\\"db-section-title\\">OPERATION TIMELINE</div><div class=\\"db-day\\">22 NOV 2025</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0515Z</span> The Bureau (FBI) detention request received. Target: the designated target in Miami.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0810Z</span> FIELD OPS/SIGINT/HUMINT/ANALYSIS/SPECIAL OPS action team assembled. KEYSTONE designated as team leader. Tactical plan developed per The Bureau (FBI) requirements.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">1055Z</span> Rules of engagement confirmed with The Bureau (FBI) liaison. Speed is the priority \'97 no time for subtlety.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">1335Z</span> Handler SHEPHERD integrated into the operations center for real-time intelligence coordination.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-day\\">26 NOV 2025</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0300Z</span> KEYSTONE team deployed to Miami. Overcast, ceiling at 800ft.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0340Z</span> Target located at a public location. Detention team moved to intercept.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0359Z</span> SIGINT intercepted 3 communications during the operation, relaying critical updates to the field team.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0411Z</span> HUMINT source confirmed target disposition 65 minutes before H-hour, enabling final GO decision.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0417Z</span> ANALYSIS correlated incoming field data with existing intelligence holdings, updating the tactical picture.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0425Z</span> Target detained. Subject attempted to flee \'97 intercepted by the outer cordon. Transferred to The Bureau (FBI) custody.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0431Z</span> Objective achieved. Site sanitized. No attribution.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0450Z</span> All FIELD OPS/SIGINT/HUMINT/ANALYSIS/SPECIAL OPS personnel extracted. The Bureau (FBI) confirmed satisfaction with the result.</div><div class=\\"db-section-title\\">ASSESSMENT</div><div class=\\"db-assessment\\">The detention operation requested by The Bureau (FBI) has been completed successfully. FIELD OPS field team, SIGINT intercept team, HUMINT handler, ANALYSIS desk, SPECIAL OPS strike unit executed all objectives within the specified parameters. Handler SHEPHERD provided critical intelligence support throughout. This successful operation strengthens the relationship with The Bureau (FBI).</div></div></div>","archivedDay":325\},\{"id":"M121","typeId":"HVT_SURVEILLANCE_FOR","codename":"OPAL SQUALL","threat":3,"label":"FOREIGN HVT SURVEILLANCE","category":"SURVEILLANCE OPS","location":"FOREIGN","city":"Bamako","country":"Mali","urgency":21,"urgencyLeft":18,"fillVars":\{"city":"Bamako","country":"Mali","codename":"OPAL SQUALL","urgency_days":"21","agency":"SAA","leaderTitle":"the President","bureau_name":"BUREAU","agency_name":"AGENCY","military_name":"DIA","alias":"CURARE","hvt_role":"communications handler","target_bg":"Subject responsible for financing multiple attacks against allied interests.","target_pattern":"Pattern partially mapped \'97 predictable daily route with consistent timing, gaps remain","contact_role":"a person with known connections to a hostile state embassy","location_detail":"a commercial premises used as a cover address","comm_device":"Communication method likely a diplomatic communication channel \'97 not fully confirmed","movement_window":"a recurring evening meeting at an isolated location \'97 optimal window confirmed","counter_surv":"basic \'97 occasional route variation","contact_network":"a person with known connections to a hostile state embassy \'97 confirmed contact, meeting pattern established","residence":"Probable residence: a commercial premises used as a cover address \'97 not yet confirmed","target_alias":"CURARE","suspect_name":"CURARE","target_role":"communications handler","rendition_role":"communications handler"\},"isMultiPhase":false,"status":"ARCHIVED","assignedInvDept":null,"invDaysLeft":0,"assignedBudget":5,"assignedExecDepts":["FOREIGN_OPS","ANALYSIS","HUMINT","SIGINT"],"execDaysLeft":0,"successProb":85,"resultMsg":"CURARE under full foreign surveillance in Mali. Pattern confirmed: Pattern partially mapped \'97 predictable daily route with consistent timing, gaps remain. Residence: a commercial premises used as a cover address. Contact network and Communication method likely a diplomatic communication channel \'97 not fully confirmed documented. Action window: a recurring evening meeting at an isolated location \'97 optimal window confirmed.","confDelta":7,"budgetDelta":0,"dayReceived":312,"phaseFalseFlag":false,"phaseFalseFlagText":"","phaseFalseFlagPenalty":false,"followUpSpawned":false,"suspects":[\{"alias":"CURARE","role":"communications handler","confidence":"HIGH","isTarget":true,"eliminated":false\}],"selectedSuspectIdx":0,"invDays":3,"execDays":5,"baseBudget":7,"invDepts":["FOREIGN_OPS","SIGINT","ANALYSIS"],"execDepts":["FOREIGN_OPS"],"opNarrative":"Foreign Operations deploys a small surveillance team to the target country under civilian or commercial cover. Local HUMINT assets support the effort. SIGINT passively monitors the digital footprint. The team maps the target's movements, residence, security detail, and contact network \'97 providing the intelligence foundation for a subsequent abduction or elimination operation.","initialReport":"Foreign HVT CURARE (communications handler) reported in Mali. Surveillance to establish action window before target relocates.","fullReport":"SURVEILLANCE BRIEF \'97 OP OPAL SQUALL\\n\\nTarget: CURARE. Role: communications handler. Country: Mali.\\n\\nSubject responsible for financing multiple attacks against allied interests.\\n\\nSurveillance to establish: Pattern partially mapped \'97 predictable daily route with consistent timing, gaps remain, a recurring evening meeting at an isolated location \'97 optimal window confirmed, contact a person with known connections to a hostile state embassy, Communication method likely a diplomatic communication channel \'97 not fully confirmed. Counter-surv: basic \'97 occasional route variation. Window: 21 days.","successMsgs":["Foreign surveillance package successfully established. CURARE tracked in Bamako. Residence confirmed: a commercial premises used as a cover address. Pattern: Pattern partially mapped \'97 predictable daily route with consistent timing, gaps remain. Contact: a person with known connections to a hostile state embassy. Abduction window identified: a recurring evening meeting at an isolated location \'97 optimal window confirmed. Security detail: basic \'97 occasional route variation.","Surveillance complete. Full pattern of life on CURARE. Residence: a commercial premises used as a cover address in Bamako. Comm: Communication method likely a diplomatic communication channel \'97 not fully confirmed. Contact: a person with known connections to a hostile state embassy. Optimal window: a recurring evening meeting at an isolated location \'97 optimal window confirmed. Target unaware.","CURARE under full foreign surveillance in Mali. Pattern confirmed: Pattern partially mapped \'97 predictable daily route with consistent timing, gaps remain. Residence: a commercial premises used as a cover address. Contact network and Communication method likely a diplomatic communication channel \'97 not fully confirmed documented. Action window: a recurring evening meeting at an isolated location \'97 optimal window confirmed.","Foreign surveillance dossier assembled. CURARE \'97 movements mapped, residence confirmed (a commercial premises used as a cover address), contact a person with known connections to a hostile state embassy identified. Rendition window: a recurring evening meeting at an isolated location \'97 optimal window confirmed. Counter-surv: basic \'97 occasional route variation.","Surveillance operation complete without compromise. CURARE in Bamako. Full pattern mapped: Pattern partially mapped \'97 predictable daily route with consistent timing, gaps remain. Residence: a commercial premises used as a cover address. Window: a recurring evening meeting at an isolated location \'97 optimal window confirmed. Contact: a person with known connections to a hostile state embassy.","Target CURARE under full surveillance in Mali. Residence: a commercial premises used as a cover address. Pattern: Pattern partially mapped \'97 predictable daily route with consistent timing, gaps remain. Comm: Communication method likely a diplomatic communication channel \'97 not fully confirmed. Contact: a person with known connections to a hostile state embassy. Abduction window confirmed: a recurring evening meeting at an isolated location \'97 optimal window confirmed."],"failureMsgs":["Foreign surveillance detected. CURARE performed counter-surveillance and identified our team. Target has increased security posture and may relocate.","Surveillance package blown in Mali. Local security services became aware of foreign presence. Team extracted. Target alerted.","CURARE departed Bamako before full surveillance picture could be established. Target location in Mali now unknown.","Technical surveillance compromised. CURARE switched devices and changed patterns. Operational picture incomplete.","Surveillance team identified by target security detail. CURARE now aware of surveillance interest. Counter-measures in effect.","SIGINT support lost due to local jamming. CURARE moved from known location. Surveillance picture partially degraded."],"confSuccess":[3,7],"confFail":[-6,-12],"intelFields":[\{"key":"target_pattern","label":"MOVEMENT PATTERN","value":"Pattern partially mapped \'97 predictable daily route with consistent timing, gaps remain","revealed":true\},\{"key":"contact_network","label":"CONTACT NETWORK","value":"a person with known connections to a hostile state embassy \'97 confirmed contact, meeting pattern established","revealed":true\},\{"key":"residence","label":"RESIDENCE","value":"Probable residence: a commercial premises used as a cover address \'97 not yet confirmed","revealed":true\},\{"key":"comm_device","label":"COMMUNICATIONS","value":"Communication method likely a diplomatic communication channel \'97 not fully confirmed","revealed":true\},\{"key":"movement_window","label":"ACTION WINDOW","value":"a recurring evening meeting at an isolated location \'97 optimal window confirmed","revealed":true\}],"intelBonus":true,"blown":false,"blownDaysLeft":0,"lastInvOutcome":"CRITICAL_SUCCESS","agencyJustification":"The target is a high-value individual operating in a permissive but sensitive foreign environment. Direct action without surveillance preparation risks exposure and mission failure. A covert surveillance package will establish the pattern of life and operational window required to authorize a rendition or neutralization operation.","linkedHvtId":"H51","attachedEliteIds":[],"agencySupport":[],"debriefHtml":"<div class=\\"db-wrap db-success\\"><div class=\\"db-toggle\\" onclick=\\"this.parentElement.classList.toggle('db-open')\\"><span class=\\"db-toggle-arrow\\">&#9654;</span><span class=\\"db-toggle-label\\">FULL OPERATIONAL DEBRIEF</span></div><div class=\\"db-body\\"><div class=\\"db-classification\\">TOP SECRET // SCI</div><div class=\\"db-title\\">AFTER-ACTION REPORT</div><div class=\\"db-subtitle\\">OP OPAL SQUALL \'97 OBJECTIVES ACHIEVED</div><div class=\\"db-section-title\\">DEPLOYED ASSETS</div><div class=\\"db-assets\\"><div class=\\"db-asset-row\\"><span class=\\"db-asset-dept\\">FOREIGN OPS</span><span class=\\"db-asset-type\\">cell \'97 PRIMARY</span></div><div class=\\"db-asset-row\\"><span class=\\"db-asset-dept\\">ANALYSIS</span><span class=\\"db-asset-type\\">desk \'97 SUPPORT</span></div><div class=\\"db-asset-row\\"><span class=\\"db-asset-dept\\">HUMINT</span><span class=\\"db-asset-type\\">handler \'97 SUPPORT</span></div><div class=\\"db-asset-row\\"><span class=\\"db-asset-dept\\">SIGINT</span><span class=\\"db-asset-type\\">intercept team \'97 SUPPORT</span></div></div><div class=\\"db-meta\\">Budget committed: $5M \'b7 Pre-operation success assessment: 85%</div><div class=\\"db-section-title\\">OPERATION TIMELINE</div><div class=\\"db-day\\">16 NOV 2025</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0950Z</span> Surveillance operation initiated. FOREIGN OPS/ANALYSIS/HUMINT/SIGINT deployed observation teams to Bamako.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">1005Z</span> Primary observation post established at an elevated position 371m from target's known location.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">1135Z</span> SIGINT coverage initiated: email and messaging accounts under passive collection.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">1215Z</span> Technical surveillance device emplaced: covert camera covering building entrance.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-day\\">17 NOV 2025</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0615Z</span> Day 2 surveillance log: Target deviated from routine \'97 visited an unfamiliar address for 35 minutes. Address logged for investigation.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0725Z</span> Target conducted what appears to be a counter-surveillance run \'97 drove an evasive route for 26 minutes before returning to routine. Our team was NOT detected.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-day\\">18 NOV 2025</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0910Z</span> Day 3 surveillance log: Target remained at primary location all day. 15 phone calls intercepted.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">1205Z</span> Target conducted what appears to be a counter-surveillance run \'97 drove an evasive route for 31 minutes before returning to routine. Our team was NOT detected.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-day\\">19 NOV 2025</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0630Z</span> Day 4 surveillance log: Target traveled to 3 locations. All documented with photo/video evidence.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0755Z</span> Associate identified: a diplomatic figure from a neutral nation.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-day\\">21 NOV 2025</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0900Z</span> Final collection day. All remaining intelligence gaps addressed.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">1135Z</span> Surveillance package withdrawn. Observation posts sanitized \'97 no forensic evidence of our presence.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">1445Z</span> Final intelligence package compiled: 44 pages of analysis, 198 photographs, 33 communications intercepts, and complete pattern-of-life documentation.</div><div class=\\"db-section-title\\">ASSESSMENT</div><div class=\\"db-assessment\\">Extended surveillance of CURARE in Bamako has been completed. FOREIGN OPS cell, ANALYSIS desk, HUMINT handler, SIGINT intercept team maintained covert observation for 5 days without detection. Key products: complete pattern of life, 5 safe house locations, 6 associate identities, communications patterns mapped, and security detail assessment (4 personnel). This intelligence package enables high-confidence direct-action planning against the target.</div></div></div>","archivedDay":320\},\{"id":"M120","typeId":"DOMESTIC_TERROR","codename":"JADE TIDE","threat":5,"label":"DOMESTIC THREAT","category":"COUNTER-TERRORISM","location":"DOMESTIC","city":"Seattle","country":"United States","urgency":10,"urgencyLeft":8,"fillVars":\{"city":"Seattle","country":"United States","codename":"JADE TIDE","urgency_days":"10","agency":"SAA","leaderTitle":"the President","bureau_name":"BUREAU","agency_name":"AGENCY","military_name":"DIA","group":"a hardline Islamist cell","attack_type":"a hostage-taking event","target":"a sports stadium","alias":"COBRA","cell_size":"2","casualties":"7","reliability":"MODERATE-HIGH","cell_location":"Approximate \'97 Seattle district, exact address pending","cell_leader":"Alias \\"COBRA\\" \'97 identity unverified, single-source","attack_vector":"a hostage-taking event \'97 delivery method confirmed by HUMINT","attack_timeline":"Timeline unclear \'97 estimated within 10 days, low confidence","arms_status":"Weapons acquisition complete \'97 ready to deploy"\},"isMultiPhase":false,"status":"ARCHIVED","assignedInvDept":null,"invDaysLeft":0,"assignedBudget":2,"assignedExecDepts":["FIELD_OPS","SPECIAL_OPS","HUMINT","SIGINT","COUNTER_INTEL"],"execDaysLeft":0,"successProb":92,"resultMsg":"Operation complete. \\"COBRA\\" captured. 2 associates detained. a hostage-taking event capability seized and destroyed.\\n\\nThe attack had been weeks in planning. Disruption at this stage prevents significant casualties.","confDelta":16,"budgetDelta":0,"dayReceived":311,"phaseFalseFlag":false,"phaseFalseFlagText":"","phaseFalseFlagPenalty":false,"followUpSpawned":false,"suspects":[\{"alias":"WOLF","role":"recruitment officer","confidence":"HIGH","isTarget":true,"eliminated":false\}],"selectedSuspectIdx":0,"invDays":2,"execDays":2,"baseBudget":4,"invDepts":["ANALYSIS","HUMINT","SIGINT","FIELD_OPS"],"execDepts":["FIELD_OPS","SPECIAL_OPS"],"opNarrative":"Field teams establish a tactical perimeter and move to neutralize the cell. HUMINT assets provide real-time target guidance while SIGINT intercepts communications. Special Operations holds in reserve for direct-action if the cell is armed. A simultaneous multi-point breach minimizes the risk of suspects fleeing.","initialReport":"Anonymous tip forwarded by Seattle metro police: suspicious activity consistent with a hostage-taking event preparation near a sports stadium.","fullReport":"INTELLIGENCE BRIEF \'97 OP JADE TIDE\\n\\nConfirmed: a hardline Islamist cell planning a hostage-taking event. Primary target: a sports stadium.\\n\\nHUMINT places cell leader (COBRA) in Seattle. Cell size: 2. Weapons acquisition believed complete.\\n\\nThreat level: CRITICAL. Time-sensitive. Recommend field neutralization.","successMsgs":["Cell neutralized. \{cell_size\} suspects detained. Materials seized. Planned attack against \{target\} prevented. No civilian casualties.\\n\\nPost-operation assessment confirms the cell was days from executing. HUMINT source proved reliable throughout.","Operation successful. \\"\{alias\}\\" and \{cell_size\} operatives apprehended. \{attack_type\} threat eliminated.\\n\\nFull debriefing of the cell leader is underway. Early indications suggest the cell had foreign logistical support.","Cell dismantled. Attack on \{target\} prevented. \{cell_size\} suspects in custody, materials secured.\\n\\nForensic teams are exploiting seized devices. Preliminary review suggests links to other domestic networks.","Operation complete. \\"\{alias\}\\" captured. \{cell_size\} associates detained. \{attack_type\} capability seized and destroyed.\\n\\nThe attack had been weeks in planning. Disruption at this stage prevents significant casualties."],"failureMsgs":["Operation blown. Cell received advance warning and dispersed. \{attack_type\} against \{target\} proceeded \'97 \{casualties\} casualties reported.\\n\\nThe source of the operational leak is under investigation. The cell leader \\"\{alias\}\\" remains at large.","Insufficient intelligence led to premature deployment. Field teams arrived post-event. \{casualties\} casualties. Cell leader \\"\{alias\}\\" remains at large.","Raid failed to locate cell. \\"\{alias\}\\" had already relocated. \{attack_type\} threat remains active.\\n\\n\{casualties\} casualties confirmed. Security review of the intelligence chain initiated.","Deployment compromised. Cell was warned. \\"\{alias\}\\" and associates scattered across the region.\\n\\nThe attack on \{target\} may still be active. Counter-terrorism units placed on heightened readiness."],"confSuccess":[10,18],"confFail":[-18,-30],"intelFields":[\{"key":"cell_location","label":"CELL LOCATION","value":"Approximate \'97 Seattle district, exact address pending","revealed":true\},\{"key":"cell_leader","label":"CELL LEADER IDENTITY","value":"Alias \\"COBRA\\" \'97 identity unverified, single-source","revealed":true\},\{"key":"attack_vector","label":"ATTACK METHOD","value":"a hostage-taking event \'97 delivery method confirmed by HUMINT","revealed":true\},\{"key":"attack_timeline","label":"OPERATIONAL TIMELINE","value":"Timeline unclear \'97 estimated within 10 days, low confidence","revealed":true\},\{"key":"arms_status","label":"WEAPONS STATUS","value":"Weapons acquisition complete \'97 ready to deploy","revealed":true\}],"intelBonus":true,"blown":false,"blownDaysLeft":0,"lastInvOutcome":"CRITICAL_SUCCESS","agencyJustification":"The source intelligence is derived from a classified SIGINT program unavailable to law enforcement counterparts. Executive authority under covert actions legislation permits direct action outside normal judicial channels. SAA maintains the operational deniability that a standard arrest cannot provide.","geoEventId":"GE11","attachedEliteIds":["EU2"],"agencySupport":[],"debriefHtml":"<div class=\\"db-wrap db-success\\"><div class=\\"db-toggle\\" onclick=\\"this.parentElement.classList.toggle('db-open')\\"><span class=\\"db-toggle-arrow\\">&#9654;</span><span class=\\"db-toggle-label\\">FULL OPERATIONAL DEBRIEF</span></div><div class=\\"db-body\\"><div class=\\"db-classification\\">TOP SECRET // SCI</div><div class=\\"db-title\\">AFTER-ACTION REPORT</div><div class=\\"db-subtitle\\">OP JADE TIDE \'97 OBJECTIVES ACHIEVED</div><div class=\\"db-section-title\\">DEPLOYED ASSETS</div><div class=\\"db-assets\\"><div class=\\"db-asset-row\\"><span class=\\"db-asset-dept\\">FIELD OPS</span><span class=\\"db-asset-type\\">field team \'97 PRIMARY</span></div><div class=\\"db-asset-row\\"><span class=\\"db-asset-dept\\">SPECIAL OPS</span><span class=\\"db-asset-type\\">strike unit \'97 PRIMARY</span></div><div class=\\"db-asset-row\\"><span class=\\"db-asset-dept\\">HUMINT</span><span class=\\"db-asset-type\\">handler \'97 SUPPORT</span></div><div class=\\"db-asset-row\\"><span class=\\"db-asset-dept\\">SIGINT</span><span class=\\"db-asset-type\\">intercept team \'97 SUPPORT</span></div><div class=\\"db-asset-row\\"><span class=\\"db-asset-dept\\">COUNTER-INTEL</span><span class=\\"db-asset-type\\">officer \'97 PRIMARY</span></div><div class=\\"db-asset-row db-asset-elite\\"><span class=\\"db-asset-dept\\">Element RAPTOR \u9733 </span><span class=\\"db-asset-type\\">Special Activities \'97 ELITE</span></div></div><div class=\\"db-meta\\">Budget committed: $2M \'b7 Pre-operation success assessment: 92%</div><div class=\\"db-section-title\\">OPERATION TIMELINE</div><div class=\\"db-day\\">14 NOV 2025</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0700Z</span> STILETTO team assembled at forward staging area. Operational briefing conducted by FIELD OPS/SPECIAL OPS/HUMINT/SIGINT/COUNTER-INTEL command element. Weather assessment: Cold front moving through, variable conditions.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0805Z</span> Advance reconnaissance team deployed to Seattle. Confirmed target building visual. Building is a two-story residential structure.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">1100Z</span> SIGINT intercept team established electronic surveillance perimeter. All target communications monitored in real-time. 5 active devices detected within the target structure.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">1220Z</span> Surveillance team (SHADOW) reported 2 individuals observed entering the building over a 5-hour period. Pattern consistent with cell meeting.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">1510Z</span> SPECIAL OPS element confirmed no counter-surveillance activity detected around the target area. Approach routes validated.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-day\\">15 NOV 2025</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0430Z</span> Final intelligence update received. All 2 subjects confirmed present at target location. GO authorization received from Director.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0508Z</span> STILETTO assault element departed staging area. 4 vehicles in convoy. Radio silence enforced. ETA to target: 10 minutes.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0540Z</span> HUMINT source confirmed target disposition 55 minutes before H-hour, enabling final GO decision.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0549Z</span> SIGINT jammed hostile communications on the field commander's order during the final phase.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0559Z</span> Outer cordon established by FIELD OPS team. 6 positions covering all egress points. Local law enforcement discreetly diverted from the area of operations.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0608Z</span> Element RAPTOR led the primary assault element to breach point. Final equipment check completed. Weapons status confirmed.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0619Z</span> H-HOUR. Breach initiated via ladder assault to second-floor windows. No armed resistance. Two subjects were non-compliant but were subdued with non-lethal force. Entry to target achieved in under 10 seconds.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0624Z</span> Ground floor cleared. 2 subjects detained in the main room. Element RAPTOR personally secured \\"COBRA\\" who was found attempting to reach a weapon.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0630Z</span> Building fully cleared room by room. Total subjects detained: 2. No injuries to any personnel or subjects.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0638Z</span> Sensitive site exploitation team entered the building. Evidence recovery initiated. Items catalogued on-site include: hard drives containing operational planning documents. Additionally recovered: USB drives with encrypted files and correspondence.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0647Z</span> All 2 detainees processed, photographed, and biometrically registered. \\"COBRA\\" positively identified via facial recognition database match. Transport to secure holding facility arranged.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0659Z</span> Area of operations fully sanitized. No forensic evidence of agency involvement left on-site. STILETTO team and all support elements returned to base. Operation concluded.</div><div class=\\"db-section-title\\">ASSESSMENT</div><div class=\\"db-assessment\\">The operation against the a hardline Islamist cell cell in Seattle achieved all objectives. The planned a hostage-taking event against a sports stadium has been permanently disrupted. 2 operatives are in custody, including cell leader \\"COBRA\\". Intelligence exploitation of seized materials is the immediate priority \'97 hard drives containing operational planning documents are expected to yield significant insights into the wider network. Element RAPTOR performance during the breach phase was exemplary and directly contributed to the rapid, non-lethal subduing of the primary target. Operational security was maintained throughout. No media or public awareness of the operation has been detected. FIELD OPS/SPECIAL OPS/HUMINT/SIGINT/COUNTER-INTEL coordination rated EXCELLENT. Recommend commendation for STILETTO team leader.</div></div></div>","archivedDay":315\},\{"id":"M119","typeId":"FAVOR_AGENCY_RENDITION","codename":"THORN BASTION","threat":5,"label":"AGENCY FAVOR: RENDITION","category":"AGENCY FAVOR","location":"FOREIGN","city":"Addis Ababa","country":"Ethiopia","urgency":10,"urgencyLeft":2,"fillVars":\{"city":"Addis Ababa","country":"Ethiopia","codename":"THORN BASTION","urgency_days":"10","agency":"SAA","leaderTitle":"the President","bureau_name":"BUREAU","agency_name":"AGENCY","military_name":"DIA","alias":"BASILISK","rendition_role":"a senior network coordinator","agency_case":"a sanctions-busting procurement network takedown","diplomatic_constraint":"subject's country of origin would invoke diplomatic immunity","rendition_outcome":"Significant intelligence value extracted.","target_location_a":"BASILISK in Addis Ababa area \'97 AGENCY location unconfirmed at street level","capture_window_a":"Window estimated: 10 days \'97 AGENCY assessment","agency_support_fi":"AGENCY station support limited \'97 operation largely independent","diplomatic_field":"Diplomatic constraint: subject's country of origin would invoke diplomatic immunity \'97 details limited"\},"isMultiPhase":false,"status":"ARCHIVED","assignedInvDept":null,"invDaysLeft":0,"assignedBudget":4,"assignedExecDepts":["FOREIGN_OPS","SPECIAL_OPS","SIGINT","HUMINT","ANALYSIS"],"execDaysLeft":0,"successProb":92,"resultMsg":"Rendition operation complete. BASILISK in AGENCY custody. Significant intelligence value extracted.. Diplomatic constraint bypassed without incident.","confDelta":8,"budgetDelta":0,"dayReceived":305,"phaseFalseFlag":false,"phaseFalseFlagText":"","phaseFalseFlagPenalty":false,"followUpSpawned":false,"suspects":[],"selectedSuspectIdx":null,"invDays":4,"execDays":2,"baseBudget":8,"invDepts":["FOREIGN_OPS","HUMINT","SIGINT"],"execDepts":["FOREIGN_OPS","SPECIAL_OPS"],"opNarrative":"An AGENCY-supported snatch operation deploys through covert channels. Foreign Operations handles the capture while AGENCY personnel provide intelligence support from in-country station resources. The target is rendered through an AGENCY-managed exfil chain to a secure processing facility. SAA's role remains invisible \'97 AGENCY takes credit, and remembers the assist.","initialReport":"AGENCY has identified a high-value rendition target in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia. They need a capture team they can maintain deniability from. They're asking for us.","fullReport":"AGENCY RENDITION BRIEF \'97 OP THORN BASTION\\n\\nBASILISK (a senior network coordinator) \'97 Ethiopia rendition requested by AGENCY.\\n\\nCase: a sanctions-busting procurement network takedown. Constraint: subject's country of origin would invoke diplomatic immunity.\\n\\nAGENCY intel support provided. Our teams execute. Extraction via AGENCY-managed chain. Favor to be acknowledged.","successMsgs":["\{agency_name\} rendition favor complete. \{alias\} captured and delivered through \{agency_name\} chain. \{rendition_outcome\}. \{agency_name\} has confirmed receipt and noted the favor.","Rendition successful. \{alias\} (\{rendition_role\}) rendered from \{country\}. \{rendition_outcome\}. \{agency_name\} liaison acknowledged the assist \'97 relation improved.","Favor fulfilled. \{alias\} taken from \{city\} and passed to \{agency_name\} custody. \{rendition_outcome\}. \{agency_name\} will remember this.","\{agency_name\} favor complete. \{alias\} successfully rendered. \{rendition_outcome\}. \{agency_name\} relation strengthened. Back-channel acknowledgement received.","Rendition operation complete. \{alias\} in \{agency_name\} custody. \{rendition_outcome\}. Diplomatic constraint bypassed without incident.","\{agency_name\} favor fulfilled. \{alias\} \'97 \{rendition_role\} \'97 rendered and processed. \{rendition_outcome\}. \{agency_name\} relation payoff confirmed."],"failureMsgs":["Rendition failed. \{alias\} was not at the confirmed location. \{agency_name\} disappointed. Diplomatic window may have already closed.","Capture team compromised. \{alias\} fled before the operation could execute. \{country\} security forces responding. \{agency_name\} favor not fulfilled.","\{agency_name\} rendition blown. \{alias\} apparently had advance warning. Operation aborted. \{agency_name\} relation strained.","\{alias\} invoked diplomatic protection before capture could be executed. Legal complications triggered. \{agency_name\} favor incomplete.","Rendition window closed before team could act. \{alias\} departed \{country\}. \{agency_name\} favor not delivered.","Operation compromised by unknown source. \{alias\} warned and evacuated. \{agency_name\} disappointed. Investigation into leak ordered."],"confSuccess":[7,13],"confFail":[-8,-16],"intelFields":[\{"key":"target_location_a","label":"TARGET LOCATION","value":"BASILISK in Addis Ababa area \'97 AGENCY location unconfirmed at street level","revealed":true\},\{"key":"capture_window_a","label":"CAPTURE WINDOW","value":"Window estimated: 10 days \'97 AGENCY assessment","revealed":true\},\{"key":"agency_support_fi","label":"AGENCY SUPPORT","value":"AGENCY station support limited \'97 operation largely independent","revealed":true\},\{"key":"diplomatic_field","label":"DIPLOMATIC STATUS","value":"Diplomatic constraint: subject's country of origin would invoke diplomatic immunity \'97 details limited","revealed":false\}],"intelBonus":false,"blown":false,"blownDaysLeft":0,"lastInvOutcome":"PARTIAL","agencyJustification":"AGENCY requires a high-priority subject rendered and processed before diplomatic complications arise. Subject holds diplomatic-adjacent cover that legal proceedings cannot pierce. SAA covert rendition capability is the only instrument that can execute this capture within the operational window without triggering the diplomatic protections the subject would invoke.","favorOf":"AGENCY","favorAgencyName":"The Agency (CIA)","attachedEliteIds":["EU7"],"agencySupport":[],"debriefHtml":"<div class=\\"db-wrap db-success\\"><div class=\\"db-toggle\\" onclick=\\"this.parentElement.classList.toggle('db-open')\\"><span class=\\"db-toggle-arrow\\">&#9654;</span><span class=\\"db-toggle-label\\">FULL OPERATIONAL DEBRIEF</span></div><div class=\\"db-body\\"><div class=\\"db-classification\\">TOP SECRET // ORCON</div><div class=\\"db-title\\">AFTER-ACTION REPORT</div><div class=\\"db-subtitle\\">OP THORN BASTION \'97 OBJECTIVES ACHIEVED</div><div class=\\"db-section-title\\">DEPLOYED ASSETS</div><div class=\\"db-assets\\"><div class=\\"db-asset-row\\"><span class=\\"db-asset-dept\\">FOREIGN OPS</span><span class=\\"db-asset-type\\">cell \'97 PRIMARY</span></div><div class=\\"db-asset-row\\"><span class=\\"db-asset-dept\\">SPECIAL OPS</span><span class=\\"db-asset-type\\">strike unit \'97 PRIMARY</span></div><div class=\\"db-asset-row\\"><span class=\\"db-asset-dept\\">SIGINT</span><span class=\\"db-asset-type\\">intercept team \'97 SUPPORT</span></div><div class=\\"db-asset-row\\"><span class=\\"db-asset-dept\\">HUMINT</span><span class=\\"db-asset-type\\">handler \'97 SUPPORT</span></div><div class=\\"db-asset-row\\"><span class=\\"db-asset-dept\\">ANALYSIS</span><span class=\\"db-asset-type\\">desk \'97 SUPPORT</span></div><div class=\\"db-asset-row db-asset-elite\\"><span class=\\"db-asset-dept\\">Station FREQUENCY \u9733 </span><span class=\\"db-asset-type\\">Signals Intelligence \'97 ELITE</span></div></div><div class=\\"db-meta\\">Budget committed: $4M \'b7 Pre-operation success assessment: 92%</div><div class=\\"db-section-title\\">OPERATION TIMELINE</div><div class=\\"db-day\\">14 NOV 2025</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0645Z</span> The Agency (CIA) rendition request received. Target: BASILISK in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0805Z</span> FOREIGN OPS/SPECIAL OPS/SIGINT/HUMINT/ANALYSIS rendition team assembled. ECHO designated as acquisition lead. Target pattern of life reviewed \'97 acquisition window identified.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">1130Z</span> Specialized equipment staged: false identity documents.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">1450Z</span> Station FREQUENCY established overwatch from the operations center. Assigned: communications monitoring and early warning.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-day\\">16 NOV 2025</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0315Z</span> Final confirmation: target following predicted routine. ECHO team deployed to acquisition point. Heavy cloud cover, no moonlight.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0354Z</span> Acquisition executed at the parking structure beneath target's office. Target intercepted exiting a vehicle. Secured within seconds.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0429Z</span> SIGINT provided real-time electronic surveillance \'97 scanning radio frequencies and phone networks in the target area.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0439Z</span> HUMINT source confirmed target disposition 30 minutes before H-hour, enabling final GO decision.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0445Z</span> ANALYSIS ran continuous risk modeling throughout the operation, flagging anomalies to the field commander.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0450Z</span> Counter-surveillance confirmed: acquisition was clean. Target's phone placed in Faraday bag.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0456Z</span> Target transported to a regional airstrip. Handoff to The Agency (CIA) completed. Chain of custody documented.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0517Z</span> All FOREIGN OPS/SPECIAL OPS/SIGINT/HUMINT/ANALYSIS elements extracted. Operational sites sanitized.</div><div class=\\"db-section-title\\">ASSESSMENT</div><div class=\\"db-assessment\\">Target BASILISK has been successfully rendered from Addis Ababa per The Agency (CIA) request. Acquisition was clean \'97 no witnesses, no compromise, no attribution. Station FREQUENCY provided continuous communications monitoring \'97 no alerts triggered during the operation. Target is now in The Agency (CIA) custody. This successful rendition strengthens the inter-agency relationship.</div></div></div>","archivedDay":315\},\{"id":"M118","typeId":"COUNTER_INTEL","codename":"BROKEN DAGGER","threat":2,"label":"COUNTER-INTEL","category":"INTERNAL SECURITY","location":"DOMESTIC","city":"Boston","country":"United States","urgency":28,"urgencyLeft":10,"fillVars":\{"city":"Boston","country":"United States","codename":"BROKEN DAGGER","urgency_days":"28","agency":"SAA","leaderTitle":"the President","bureau_name":"BUREAU","agency_name":"AGENCY","military_name":"DIA","suspect_count":"a small group of","suspect_profile":"a technical specialist","access_level":"SECRET / NOFORN","foreign_service":"a hostile foreign intelligence service","leaked_material":"classified assessments","duration":"3 years","suspect_profile_detail":"Honey-trap operation confirmed","dept_name":"analysis","suspect_identity":"a technical specialist \'97 identity confirmed, access logs corroborate","foreign_link":"Foreign beneficiary likely a hostile foreign intelligence service \'97 unconfirmed","compromised_material":"classified assessments confirmed compromised \'97 scope defined","access_pattern":"Suspicious access pattern observed \'97 statistical only, not conclusive","arrest_viability":"Evidence threshold met \'97 arrest authorized"\},"isMultiPhase":false,"status":"ARCHIVED","assignedInvDept":null,"invDaysLeft":0,"assignedBudget":1,"assignedExecDepts":["COUNTER_INTEL","FIELD_OPS","HUMINT","SIGINT","ANALYSIS"],"execDaysLeft":0,"successProb":92,"resultMsg":"Internal threat neutralized. a technical specialist in custody. Leaked material accounted for. Network damage: limited.\\n\\nFull debrief will take weeks. Counter-Intelligence has recommended a security review of all personnel with similar access.","confDelta":11,"budgetDelta":0,"dayReceived":304,"phaseFalseFlag":false,"phaseFalseFlagText":"","phaseFalseFlagPenalty":false,"followUpSpawned":false,"suspects":[],"selectedSuspectIdx":null,"invDays":6,"execDays":1,"baseBudget":2,"invDepts":["ANALYSIS","COUNTER_INTEL","SIGINT"],"execDepts":["COUNTER_INTEL","FIELD_OPS"],"opNarrative":"Counter-Intelligence conducts a controlled burn \'97 feeding known-false intelligence into the network to identify the leak point. SIGINT monitors the subject's communications for the telltale signal. Once the mole is confirmed, Field Operations executes a quiet arrest before the subject can alert their handler or destroy evidence.","initialReport":"SIGINT flags encrypted outbound traffic from an internal terminal. Source and recipient unknown.","fullReport":"INTELLIGENCE BRIEF \'97 OP BROKEN DAGGER\\n\\nInternal investigation indicates a small group of individuals with access to compromised intelligence streams.\\n\\nPrimary suspect: a technical specialist. Access level: SECRET / NOFORN.\\n\\nForeign beneficiary: a hostile foreign intelligence service.\\n\\nRecommendation: Controlled surveillance and arrest operation.","successMsgs":["\{suspect_profile\} arrested. Partial confession obtained. \{foreign_service\} network partially rolled up. Damage assessment underway.\\n\\nThe controlled burn worked cleanly. Preliminary interrogation suggests the compromise was limited to one compartment.","Internal threat neutralized. \{suspect_profile\} in custody. Leaked material accounted for. Network damage: limited.\\n\\nFull debrief will take weeks. Counter-Intelligence has recommended a security review of all personnel with similar access.","Subject apprehended without incident. \{suspect_profile\} in custody. \{foreign_service\} handler unaware.\\n\\nDevice cloning complete. We now have a window into their communication protocols.","Arrest clean. \{suspect_profile\} cooperative under initial questioning. \{leaked_material\} compromise contained.\\n\\n\{foreign_service\} is now operating blind on the penetrated compartment."],"failureMsgs":["Surveillance operation blown. Suspect alerted and fled the country. \{foreign_service\} network intact. Damage unknown.\\n\\nThe subject had a pre-arranged exfiltration plan. A full damage assessment has been ordered.","Wrong suspect apprehended. Actual mole still active. \{foreign_service\} has now changed protocols.\\n\\nCounter-Intelligence is restarting the investigation. The mole knows we are looking.","Arrest attempted but subject invoked legal protections. Case may not hold up in closed proceedings.\\n\\nThe mole is aware. Exfil likely in progress. \{foreign_service\} has been alerted.","Controlled burn failed \'97 subject did not take the bait. Actual leak source remains unidentified.\\n\\n\{foreign_service\} continues to receive intelligence. Alternative investigation approach required."],"confSuccess":[6,12],"confFail":[-10,-18],"intelFields":[\{"key":"suspect_identity","label":"PRIMARY SUSPECT","value":"a technical specialist \'97 identity confirmed, access logs corroborate","revealed":true\},\{"key":"foreign_link","label":"FOREIGN BENEFICIARY","value":"Foreign beneficiary likely a hostile foreign intelligence service \'97 unconfirmed","revealed":true\},\{"key":"compromised_material","label":"LEAKED MATERIAL","value":"classified assessments confirmed compromised \'97 scope defined","revealed":true\},\{"key":"access_pattern","label":"ACCESS PATTERN","value":"Suspicious access pattern observed \'97 statistical only, not conclusive","revealed":true\},\{"key":"arrest_viability","label":"ARREST VIABILITY","value":"Evidence threshold met \'97 arrest authorized","revealed":true\}],"intelBonus":true,"blown":false,"blownDaysLeft":0,"lastInvOutcome":"CRITICAL_SUCCESS","agencyJustification":"This is a classified internal security matter. Bringing in external law enforcement would expose compartmented programs to uncontrolled legal proceedings. Counter-Intelligence directorate maintains sole jurisdiction over internal threat investigations under the SAA charter.","attachedEliteIds":["EU12"],"agencySupport":[],"debriefHtml":"<div class=\\"db-wrap db-success\\"><div class=\\"db-toggle\\" onclick=\\"this.parentElement.classList.toggle('db-open')\\"><span class=\\"db-toggle-arrow\\">&#9654;</span><span class=\\"db-toggle-label\\">FULL OPERATIONAL DEBRIEF</span></div><div class=\\"db-body\\"><div class=\\"db-classification\\">TOP SECRET // ORCON</div><div class=\\"db-title\\">AFTER-ACTION REPORT</div><div class=\\"db-subtitle\\">OP BROKEN DAGGER \'97 OBJECTIVES ACHIEVED</div><div class=\\"db-section-title\\">DEPLOYED ASSETS</div><div class=\\"db-assets\\"><div class=\\"db-asset-row\\"><span class=\\"db-asset-dept\\">COUNTER-INTEL</span><span class=\\"db-asset-type\\">officer \'97 PRIMARY</span></div><div class=\\"db-asset-row\\"><span class=\\"db-asset-dept\\">FIELD OPS</span><span class=\\"db-asset-type\\">field team \'97 PRIMARY</span></div><div class=\\"db-asset-row\\"><span class=\\"db-asset-dept\\">HUMINT</span><span class=\\"db-asset-type\\">handler \'97 SUPPORT</span></div><div class=\\"db-asset-row\\"><span class=\\"db-asset-dept\\">SIGINT</span><span class=\\"db-asset-type\\">intercept team \'97 SUPPORT</span></div><div class=\\"db-asset-row\\"><span class=\\"db-asset-dept\\">ANALYSIS</span><span class=\\"db-asset-type\\">desk \'97 SUPPORT</span></div><div class=\\"db-asset-row db-asset-elite\\"><span class=\\"db-asset-dept\\">Section BULWARK</span><span class=\\"db-asset-type\\">Counter-Intelligence \'97 ELITE</span></div></div><div class=\\"db-meta\\">Budget committed: $1M \'b7 Pre-operation success assessment: 92%</div><div class=\\"db-section-title\\">OPERATION TIMELINE</div><div class=\\"db-day\\">25 NOV 2025</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0930Z</span> Counter-intelligence investigation entered decisive phase. COUNTER-INTEL/FIELD OPS/HUMINT/SIGINT/ANALYSIS compiled findings from the preceding investigation period.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">1025Z</span> Canary trap methodology deployed: 4 unique documents seeded through the suspect pool. Each variant contained traceable modifications invisible to the reader.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">1305Z</span> Physical surveillance authorized on primary suspect. Section BULWARK assigned to the surveillance detail.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">1625Z</span> Digital forensics team initiated covert monitoring of suspect's workstation access patterns, email traffic, and file transfers.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-day\\">26 NOV 2025</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0215Z</span> Decision made to move to arrest. Evidence package reviewed by internal legal counsel: assessed as SUFFICIENT for prosecution and internal action.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0234Z</span> Arrest team assembled. STILETTO designated as lead. Location: suspect is currently at the cafeteria.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0249Z</span> HUMINT assets provided early warning of civilian traffic in the area.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0301Z</span> SIGINT provided real-time electronic surveillance \'97 scanning radio frequencies and phone networks in the target area.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0311Z</span> ANALYSIS desk maintained the common operating picture \'97 fusing HUMINT, SIGINT, and field reporting.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0316Z</span> Suspect approached by STILETTO team. Suspect attempted to destroy their phone by smashing it \'97 device partially recovered.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0326Z</span> Suspect's workspace secured and sealed. Digital forensics team began imaging all devices. Personal effects catalogued. Hidden notes with meeting locations and dates were found in a hollowed-out book.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0337Z</span> Suspect's residence searched under judicial authority. Recovery included: encrypted laptops and mobile phones.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0343Z</span> Suspect transferred to secure detention facility. Formal interrogation scheduled. Damage assessment team mobilized to review all programs and operations the suspect had access to.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0358Z</span> Full access audit initiated: suspect held TS clearance with access to source identities and agent networks. Scope of potential compromise: UNDER ASSESSMENT \'97 full scope not yet determined.</div><div class=\\"db-section-title\\">ASSESSMENT</div><div class=\\"db-assessment\\">The counter-intelligence investigation has successfully identified and neutralized an insider threat. The suspect had been passing classified information to a hostile foreign intelligence service for an estimated 3 months. COUNTER-INTEL officer, FIELD OPS field team, HUMINT handler, SIGINT intercept team, ANALYSIS desk conducted the investigation with appropriate discretion, preventing the suspect from learning of the inquiry until the arrest. Section BULWARK was instrumental during the surveillance phase, documenting critical meetings that established the suspect's guilt. Damage assessment is the immediate priority. All operations and sources the suspect had access to must be evaluated for compromise. Preliminary estimates suggest 34 intelligence products may have been passed to the adversary. The suspect is in custody and formal interrogation will commence within 24 hours.</div></div></div>","archivedDay":325\},\{"id":"M117","typeId":"NETWORK_EXPANSION","codename":"SHADOW STORM","threat":3,"label":"NETWORK EXPANSION","category":"INTELLIGENCE OPERATIONS","location":"FOREIGN","city":"Amsterdam","country":"Netherlands","urgency":20,"urgencyLeft":10,"fillVars":\{"city":"Amsterdam","country":"Netherlands","codename":"SHADOW STORM","urgency_days":"20","agency":"SAA","leaderTitle":"the President","bureau_name":"BUREAU","agency_name":"AGENCY","military_name":"DIA","theater_name":"Western Europe","cover_status":"Cover identity prepared \'97 final documentation pending","recruitment_targets":"Three viable candidates identified \'97 motivation and access profiles characterized","local_ci_assessment":"Local CI posture MODERATE \'97 additional precautions required"\},"isMultiPhase":false,"status":"ARCHIVED","assignedInvDept":null,"invDaysLeft":0,"assignedBudget":8,"assignedExecDepts":["FOREIGN_OPS","HUMINT","SIGINT","ANALYSIS"],"execDaysLeft":0,"successProb":92,"resultMsg":"Network expansion achieved. New collection streams active in Netherlands. Safe house chain and exfiltration protocols in place. Coverage rating: ADEQUATE.","confDelta":3,"budgetDelta":0,"dayReceived":299,"phaseFalseFlag":false,"phaseFalseFlagText":"","phaseFalseFlagPenalty":false,"followUpSpawned":false,"suspects":[],"selectedSuspectIdx":null,"invDays":3,"execDays":7,"baseBudget":13,"invDepts":["ANALYSIS","HUMINT","SIGINT"],"execDepts":["FOREIGN_OPS","HUMINT"],"opNarrative":"Foreign Operations establishes a cover platform in Amsterdam. HUMINT handlers identify and develop potential sources within the local intelligence, military, and political establishments. The recruitment cycle \'97 spot, assess, develop, recruit \'97 is executed methodically over the operational window. Supporting infrastructure (safe houses, dead drops, communications protocols) is established in parallel.","initialReport":"Western Europe theater coverage deficient. Asset recruitment operation in Amsterdam, Netherlands will expand intelligence collection capability.","fullReport":"NETWORK EXPANSION BRIEF \'97 OP SHADOW STORM\\n\\nTheater: Western Europe. Location: Amsterdam, Netherlands.\\n\\nCurrent intelligence coverage in this area is insufficient. This operation will develop new sources within local power structures and establish supporting clandestine infrastructure.\\n\\nRecommended approach: gradual recruitment through established cover, supported by SIGINT targeting.","successMsgs":["Network established. Three new sources recruited in \{city\}. Collection infrastructure operational. \{theater_name\} theater coverage significantly improved.","Operation complete. Source network in \{country\} is now active and producing. Dead-drop chain and secure communications established. Theater coverage upgraded.","Recruitment cycle successful. Multiple assets now reporting from \{city\}. Cover platforms secure. \{theater_name\} intelligence capability enhanced.","Network expansion achieved. New collection streams active in \{country\}. Safe house chain and exfiltration protocols in place. Coverage rating: ADEQUATE."],"failureMsgs":["Cover platform compromised in \{city\}. Lead recruiter identified by local CI. All assets burned. Network expansion failed.","Operation blown. Local security services arrested the principal agent in \{country\}. Recruitment program terminated. Coverage gap remains.","Source development unsuccessful. Target environment in \{city\} proved hostile. No viable assets recruited. \{theater_name\} coverage unchanged.","Cover story collapsed. Two officers detained briefly before diplomatic extraction. Network infrastructure abandoned. Operation failed."],"confSuccess":[2,5],"confFail":[-3,-6],"intelFields":[\{"key":"cover_status","label":"COVER PLATFORM","value":"Cover identity prepared \'97 final documentation pending","revealed":true\},\{"key":"recruitment_targets","label":"RECRUITMENT TARGETS","value":"Three viable candidates identified \'97 motivation and access profiles characterized","revealed":true\},\{"key":"local_ci_assessment","label":"LOCAL CI POSTURE","value":"Local CI posture MODERATE \'97 additional precautions required","revealed":true\}],"intelBonus":false,"blown":false,"blownDaysLeft":0,"lastInvOutcome":"PARTIAL","agencyJustification":"SAA requires expanded human intelligence coverage in the Western Europe theater. Current network penetration is insufficient for adequate threat detection and operational support. Authorization is requested for a clandestine recruitment and infrastructure development program in Amsterdam, Netherlands.","networkTheaterId":"WESTERN_EUROPE","attachedEliteIds":["EU13","EU3"],"agencySupport":[],"debriefHtml":"<div class=\\"db-wrap db-success\\"><div class=\\"db-toggle\\" onclick=\\"this.parentElement.classList.toggle('db-open')\\"><span class=\\"db-toggle-arrow\\">&#9654;</span><span class=\\"db-toggle-label\\">FULL OPERATIONAL DEBRIEF</span></div><div class=\\"db-body\\"><div class=\\"db-classification\\">TOP SECRET // ORCON</div><div class=\\"db-title\\">AFTER-ACTION REPORT</div><div class=\\"db-subtitle\\">OP SHADOW STORM \'97 OBJECTIVES ACHIEVED</div><div class=\\"db-section-title\\">DEPLOYED ASSETS</div><div class=\\"db-assets\\"><div class=\\"db-asset-row\\"><span class=\\"db-asset-dept\\">FOREIGN OPS</span><span class=\\"db-asset-type\\">cell \'97 PRIMARY</span></div><div class=\\"db-asset-row\\"><span class=\\"db-asset-dept\\">HUMINT</span><span class=\\"db-asset-type\\">handler \'97 PRIMARY</span></div><div class=\\"db-asset-row\\"><span class=\\"db-asset-dept\\">SIGINT</span><span class=\\"db-asset-type\\">intercept team \'97 SUPPORT</span></div><div class=\\"db-asset-row\\"><span class=\\"db-asset-dept\\">ANALYSIS</span><span class=\\"db-asset-type\\">desk \'97 SUPPORT</span></div><div class=\\"db-asset-row db-asset-elite\\"><span class=\\"db-asset-dept\\">Cell PASSAGE</span><span class=\\"db-asset-type\\">Foreign Operations \'97 ELITE</span></div><div class=\\"db-asset-row db-asset-elite\\"><span class=\\"db-asset-dept\\">Desk QUILL \u9733 </span><span class=\\"db-asset-type\\">Analysis Bureau \'97 ELITE</span></div></div><div class=\\"db-meta\\">Budget committed: $8M \'b7 Pre-operation success assessment: 92%</div><div class=\\"db-section-title\\">OPERATION TIMELINE</div><div class=\\"db-day\\">12 NOV 2025</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0530Z</span> FOREIGN OPS/HUMINT/SIGINT/ANALYSIS advance team arrived in Amsterdam under cover. Cover platform established: a cultural exchange program.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0750Z</span> Initial area familiarization. Case officers mapped the local security environment \'97 police presence, surveillance cameras, counter-intelligence patterns.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0815Z</span> Target environment assessment completed. Target-rich environment. Multiple potential recruitment candidates identified through social mapping.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">1020Z</span> Cell PASSAGE embedded with the advance team. Assumed role: technical operations specialist.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-day\\">14 NOV 2025</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0910Z</span> Source development phase initiated. Primary recruitment target identified: a port authority official controlling customs records. Designated ASSET-1.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">1105Z</span> Initial contact with ASSET-1 via a mutual acquaintance in the business community. Assessment: ideologically sympathetic \'97 promising.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">1350Z</span> Parallel spotting. Second potential source identified: a telecommunications engineer with network access. Designated ASSET-2. Approached through different case officer to compartmentalize.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">1450Z</span> SIGINT sweep detected no technical surveillance on team communications.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-day\\">19 NOV 2025</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0650Z</span> ASSET-1 recruitment pitch delivered. Method: exploitation of a compromising personal situation. Result: ACCEPTED after negotiation. Terms: regular financial compensation and eventual resettlement guarantee.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0945Z</span> Additional recruitment: ASSET-2 successfully recruited via mutual contact introduction through an existing low-level asset. Total active sources: 4.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">1225Z</span> Clandestine infrastructure established: a secure covert communications channel using encrypted messaging. Additionally: dead-drop sites at 4 locations across the city.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">1530Z</span> First intelligence product received from ASSET-1. Content: internal government communications regarding military deployments.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">1730Z</span> Cell PASSAGE conducted the primary recruitment meeting. Rapport was exceptional \'97 source expressed full confidence in the handler.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">1825Z</span> Exfiltration of case officers commenced. Cover platform will remain operational for ongoing source handling. Station handover to permanent resident officer initiated.</div><div class=\\"db-section-title\\">ASSESSMENT</div><div class=\\"db-assessment\\">Network expansion operation in Amsterdam, Netherlands (Western Europe theater) achieved all objectives. 4 human intelligence sources successfully recruited and producing. Cover platform operational and sustainable. Clandestine infrastructure \'97 including dead drops, safe houses, and secure communications \'97 established and tested. Cell PASSAGE was instrumental in the recruitment phase, personally handling the primary source pitch. Intelligence products already received include reporting on military dispositions. Western Europe theater intelligence coverage has been significantly upgraded. FOREIGN OPS/HUMINT/SIGINT/ANALYSIS performance rated EXCEPTIONAL.</div></div></div>","archivedDay":318\},\{"id":"M116","typeId":"ORG_INFILTRATION","codename":"AMBER SERPENT","threat":4,"label":"ORG INFILTRATION","category":"NETWORK PENETRATION","location":"FOREIGN","city":"Tripoli","country":"Libya","urgency":45,"urgencyLeft":31,"fillVars":\{"city":"Tripoli","country":"Libya","codename":"AMBER SERPENT","urgency_days":"45","agency":"SAA","leaderTitle":"the President","bureau_name":"BUREAU","agency_name":"AGENCY","military_name":"DIA","org_name":"THE SILVER ORCHID"\},"isMultiPhase":true,"status":"ARCHIVED","assignedInvDept":null,"invDaysLeft":0,"assignedBudget":3,"assignedExecDepts":["HUMINT","SIGINT","FOREIGN_OPS","ANALYSIS"],"execDaysLeft":0,"successProb":92,"resultMsg":"Infiltration fully established. Operative has penetrated the organization's inner circle. Continuous intelligence production confirmed. The organization is now compromised from within.","confDelta":5,"budgetDelta":0,"dayReceived":296,"phaseFalseFlag":false,"phaseFalseFlagText":"","phaseFalseFlagPenalty":false,"followUpSpawned":false,"suspects":[],"selectedSuspectIdx":null,"phases":[\{"id":"APPROACH","name":"Phase 1: Approach & Recruitment","shortName":"APPROACH","invDaysRange":[4,7],"invDepts":["HUMINT","ANALYSIS","COUNTER_INTEL"],"execDaysRange":[4,6],"execDepts":["HUMINT","FOREIGN_OPS"],"budgetRange":[4,8],"confSuccess":[0,0],"confFail":[-4,-8],"falseFlagChance":0.15,"invDeptEfficiency":\{"HUMINT":85,"ANALYSIS":70,"COUNTER_INTEL":75\},"intelFields":[\{"key":"access_vector","label":"ACCESS VECTOR"\},\{"key":"cover_identity","label":"COVER IDENTITY"\},\{"key":"vetting_process","label":"ORG VETTING PROCESS"\}],"intelFieldValues":\{"access_vector":["Peripheral associate identified \'97 viable recruitment pathway established","Access vector identified through financial intermediary network","Cultural or familial connection exploitable for initial introduction"],"cover_identity":["Cover identity backstopped and validated against open-source checks","Cover legend partially constructed \'97 additional backstopping required","Deep cover identity fully established with supporting documentation"],"vetting_process":["Organization uses multi-stage vetting \'97 expect 30-60 day probation period","Vetting appears informal \'97 rely on personal introductions and vouching","Hostile counter-intelligence active \'97 vetting includes surveillance detection"]\},"opNarrative":"\{agency\} HUMINT officers identify a viable access vector into the target organization. A cover identity is prepared and backstopped. The operative makes initial contact through an intermediary, presenting credentials that will withstand the organization's vetting process.","investigateReports":["Network analysis has identified a viable penetration pathway into the organization. HUMINT team has proposed an approach strategy and cover identity for review.","An access vector has been identified through signals intelligence correlation. Recommend deploying a HUMINT asset with backstopped cover for initial contact."],"fullBriefs":["INFILTRATION BRIEF \'97 OP \{codename\} / Phase 1: APPROACH\\n\\nTarget organization: \{org_name\}. Access vector: \{access_vector\}.\\n\\nCover identity: \{cover_identity\}. Vetting assessment: \{vetting_process\}.\\n\\nThe operative will make initial contact and begin the recruitment/embedding process. Counter-intelligence support will monitor for compromise indicators."],"successOutcomes":["Initial contact established. Operative has been introduced to peripheral network members. Cover identity accepted without challenge. Proceeding to embedding phase.","Approach phase successful. The operative has passed initial vetting and gained access to a low-level cell. Cover identity is holding. Ready for Phase 2.","Contact made through identified access vector. Organization has accepted the operative as a new associate. Embedding authorized."],"failureOutcomes":["Approach compromised. Organization's counter-intelligence detected anomalies in the cover identity. Operative extracted before capture.","Initial contact failed \'97 the intermediary was already under suspicion by the organization. Access vector burned.","Vetting process flagged the operative. Cover identity did not withstand scrutiny. Operation aborted to protect sources."]\},\{"id":"EMBED","name":"Phase 2: Embedding","shortName":"EMBED","invDaysRange":[3,5],"invDepts":["HUMINT","COUNTER_INTEL"],"execDaysRange":[5,8],"execDepts":["HUMINT","FOREIGN_OPS"],"budgetRange":[5,10],"confSuccess":[0,0],"confFail":[-6,-12],"falseFlagChance":0.1,"invDeptEfficiency":\{"HUMINT":80,"COUNTER_INTEL":85\},"intelFields":[\{"key":"trust_level","label":"TRUST LEVEL"\},\{"key":"cell_access","label":"CELL ACCESS"\},\{"key":"comms_channel","label":"COMMS CHANNEL"\}],"intelFieldValues":\{"trust_level":["Operative has gained sufficient trust to attend operational planning meetings","Trust building in progress \'97 operative has access to logistics but not operations","Operative is fully trusted and being considered for increased responsibilities"],"cell_access":["Operative embedded in a logistics cell \'97 lateral access to two other cells confirmed","Embedded in communications cell \'97 intercepting internal message traffic","Embedded in operational cell \'97 direct visibility on planned actions"],"comms_channel":["Secure dead-drop communication channel established with handler","Encrypted digital channel active \'97 regular reporting schedule maintained","Brush-pass protocol established \'97 weekly intelligence packages confirmed"]\},"opNarrative":"The operative deepens their position within the organization, building trust and gaining access to operational cells. A secure communication channel is established with the handling officer. The goal is to reach a position where the operative can provide actionable intelligence on the organization's structure and plans.","investigateReports":["Phase 1 complete. Operative is in position and making progress. Recommend proceeding with embedding to deepen access and establish communications."],"fullBriefs":["INFILTRATION BRIEF \'97 OP \{codename\} / Phase 2: EMBEDDING\\n\\nOperative is inside the organization. Trust level: \{trust_level\}.\\n\\nCell access: \{cell_access\}. Communications: \{comms_channel\}.\\n\\nObjective: Deepen access, map organizational structure, and establish reliable intelligence pipeline."],"successOutcomes":["Embedding complete. Operative has established a trusted position within the organization. Secure communications confirmed. Intelligence pipeline active.","Phase 2 successful. The operative has mapped significant portions of the network structure and established reliable comms. Infiltration is fully established.","Operative is embedded and producing high-value intelligence. Network structure, leadership, and operations are now partially visible from within."],"failureOutcomes":["Operative's communications channel was detected by the organization's security arm. Emergency extraction initiated.","Embedding compromised when the operative was subjected to a loyalty test they could not pass. Cover blown \'97 operative extracted under duress.","Internal purge within the organization. Operative identified as an outsider and forced to flee. Network has gone dark."]\},\{"id":"ESTABLISH","name":"Phase 3: Establish Network","shortName":"ESTABLISH","invDaysRange":[2,4],"invDepts":["HUMINT","ANALYSIS","COUNTER_INTEL"],"execDaysRange":[3,5],"execDepts":["HUMINT"],"budgetRange":[3,6],"confSuccess":[2,5],"confFail":[-8,-15],"falseFlagChance":0.05,"invDeptEfficiency":\{"HUMINT":85,"ANALYSIS":80,"COUNTER_INTEL":75\},"intelFields":[\{"key":"network_map","label":"NETWORK MAP"\},\{"key":"leadership_access","label":"LEADERSHIP ACCESS"\}],"intelFieldValues":\{"network_map":["Full organizational chart developed \'97 all cells and command structure mapped","Partial network map \'97 key nodes identified but some connections remain unclear"],"leadership_access":["Operative has direct access to senior leadership \'97 reporting on strategic decisions","Operative has indirect access \'97 intelligence flows through one intermediary"]\},"opNarrative":"The operative consolidates their position and begins systematic intelligence collection on leadership, structure, finances, and planned operations. The goal is to establish a durable penetration that provides ongoing strategic intelligence and enables future disruption or takedown operations.","investigateReports":["Operative is ready to move to the final phase \'97 establishing a permanent intelligence network within the organization."],"fullBriefs":["INFILTRATION BRIEF \'97 OP \{codename\} / Phase 3: ESTABLISH\\n\\nOperative is embedded and trusted. Network map: \{network_map\}.\\n\\nLeadership access: \{leadership_access\}.\\n\\nFinal phase: Consolidate the penetration and establish ongoing intelligence production. This will enable future takedown operations."],"successOutcomes":["Infiltration fully established. Operative has penetrated the organization's inner circle. Continuous intelligence production confirmed. The organization is now compromised from within.","Phase 3 complete. Network fully mapped, leadership identified, operations monitored. \{agency\} now has an active penetration agent inside the organization.","Infiltration successful. The operative is producing high-grade intelligence on all aspects of the organization. Takedown operations can now be planned with full inside knowledge."],"failureOutcomes":["Operative was identified during a security sweep. Extraction successful but the penetration is lost. Organization is now aware of intelligence interest.","Leadership rotated security protocols. Operative lost access to key meetings and was sidelined. Infiltration effectively neutralized.","Organization conducted a mole hunt. Operative extracted before identification but the intelligence network within the org is burned."]\}],"currentPhaseIndex":2,"completedPhases":[\{"phaseIndex":0,"phaseId":"APPROACH","phaseName":"Phase 1: Approach & Recruitment","shortName":"APPROACH","result":"SUCCESS","msg":"Approach phase successful. The operative has passed initial vetting and gained access to a low-level cell. Cover identity is holding. Ready for Phase 2."\},\{"phaseIndex":1,"phaseId":"EMBED","phaseName":"Phase 2: Embedding","shortName":"EMBED","result":"SUCCESS","msg":"Phase 2 successful. The operative has mapped significant portions of the network structure and established reliable comms. Infiltration is fully established."\},\{"phaseIndex":2,"phaseId":"ESTABLISH","phaseName":"Phase 3: Establish Network","shortName":"ESTABLISH","result":"SUCCESS","msg":"Infiltration fully established. Operative has penetrated the organization's inner circle. Continuous intelligence production confirmed. The organization is now compromised from within."\}],"lastPhaseMsg":"Phase 2 successful. The operative has mapped significant portions of the network structure and established reliable comms. Infiltration is fully established.","lastPhaseName":"Phase 2: Embedding","lastPhaseShortName":"EMBED","lastPhaseConfDelta":0,"agencyJustification":"Standard intelligence collection has failed to penetrate this organization. A long-term human penetration operation under SAA covert action authority is required to develop the access needed to map, monitor, and ultimately dismantle the network from within.","currentPhaseFillVars":\{"city":"Tripoli","country":"Libya","codename":"AMBER SERPENT","urgency_days":"45","agency":"SAA","leaderTitle":"the President","bureau_name":"BUREAU","agency_name":"AGENCY","military_name":"DIA","org_name":"THE SILVER ORCHID","network_map":"Full organizational chart developed \'97 all cells and command structure mapped","leadership_access":"Operative has direct access to senior leadership \'97 reporting on strategic decisions"\},"invDays":4,"invDepts":["HUMINT","ANALYSIS","COUNTER_INTEL"],"execDays":5,"execDepts":["HUMINT"],"baseBudget":4,"confSuccess":[2,5],"confFail":[-8,-15],"opNarrative":"The operative consolidates their position and begins systematic intelligence collection on leadership, structure, finances, and planned operations. The goal is to establish a durable penetration that provides ongoing strategic intelligence and enables future disruption or takedown operations.","initialReport":"Operative is ready to move to the final phase \'97 establishing a permanent intelligence network within the organization.","fullReport":"INFILTRATION BRIEF \'97 OP AMBER SERPENT / Phase 3: ESTABLISH\\n\\nOperative is embedded and trusted. Network map: Full organizational chart developed \'97 all cells and command structure mapped.\\n\\nLeadership access: Operative has direct access to senior leadership \'97 reporting on strategic decisions.\\n\\nFinal phase: Consolidate the penetration and establish ongoing intelligence production. This will enable future takedown operations.","successMsgs":["Infiltration fully established. Operative has penetrated the organization's inner circle. Continuous intelligence production confirmed. The organization is now compromised from within.","Phase 3 complete. Network fully mapped, leadership identified, operations monitored. \{agency\} now has an active penetration agent inside the organization.","Infiltration successful. The operative is producing high-grade intelligence on all aspects of the organization. Takedown operations can now be planned with full inside knowledge."],"failureMsgs":["Operative was identified during a security sweep. Extraction successful but the penetration is lost. Organization is now aware of intelligence interest.","Leadership rotated security protocols. Operative lost access to key meetings and was sidelined. Infiltration effectively neutralized.","Organization conducted a mole hunt. Operative extracted before identification but the intelligence network within the org is burned."],"intelFields":[\{"key":"network_map","label":"NETWORK MAP","value":"Full organizational chart developed \'97 all cells and command structure mapped","revealed":true\},\{"key":"leadership_access","label":"LEADERSHIP ACCESS","value":"Operative has direct access to senior leadership \'97 reporting on strategic decisions","revealed":true\}],"intelBonus":true,"blown":false,"blownDaysLeft":0,"lastInvOutcome":"CRITICAL_SUCCESS","plotId":"P1","plotFileName":"ORACLE","plotOrgName":"THE SILVER ORCHID","isOrgInfiltration":true,"attachedEliteIds":["EU13"],"agencySupport":[],"debriefHtml":"<div class=\\"db-wrap db-success\\"><div class=\\"db-toggle\\" onclick=\\"this.parentElement.classList.toggle('db-open')\\"><span class=\\"db-toggle-arrow\\">&#9654;</span><span class=\\"db-toggle-label\\">FULL OPERATIONAL DEBRIEF</span></div><div class=\\"db-body\\"><div class=\\"db-classification\\">TOP SECRET // SCI</div><div class=\\"db-title\\">AFTER-ACTION REPORT</div><div class=\\"db-subtitle\\">OP AMBER SERPENT \'97 OBJECTIVES ACHIEVED</div><div class=\\"db-section-title\\">DEPLOYED ASSETS</div><div class=\\"db-assets\\"><div class=\\"db-asset-row\\"><span class=\\"db-asset-dept\\">HUMINT</span><span class=\\"db-asset-type\\">handler \'97 SUPPORT</span></div><div class=\\"db-asset-row\\"><span class=\\"db-asset-dept\\">SIGINT</span><span class=\\"db-asset-type\\">intercept team \'97 SUPPORT</span></div><div class=\\"db-asset-row\\"><span class=\\"db-asset-dept\\">FOREIGN OPS</span><span class=\\"db-asset-type\\">cell \'97 PRIMARY</span></div><div class=\\"db-asset-row\\"><span class=\\"db-asset-dept\\">ANALYSIS</span><span class=\\"db-asset-type\\">desk \'97 SUPPORT</span></div><div class=\\"db-asset-row db-asset-elite\\"><span class=\\"db-asset-dept\\">Cell PASSAGE</span><span class=\\"db-asset-type\\">Foreign Operations \'97 ELITE</span></div></div><div class=\\"db-meta\\">Budget committed: $3M \'b7 Pre-operation success assessment: 92%</div><div class=\\"db-section-title\\">OPERATION TIMELINE</div><div class=\\"db-day\\">23 NOV 2025</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0645Z</span> Infiltration operation concluded. Agent successfully extracted from within the target organization without compromise.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0700Z</span> Agent debriefing commenced. Cell PASSAGE conducted the primary debrief sessions.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">1025Z</span> Initial intelligence product reviewed: organization structure, membership, finances, and operational plans documented in detail.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-day\\">28 NOV 2025</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0615Z</span> Debriefing session 3 completed. Agent provided comprehensive information on: recruitment pipeline and radicalization methods</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0815Z</span> Agent confirmed safe. Cover identity remains intact \'97 potential for re-insertion.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0900Z</span> Final intelligence package compiled and distributed to relevant departments.</div><div class=\\"db-section-title\\">ASSESSMENT</div><div class=\\"db-assessment\\">The infiltration produced exceptional intelligence on the target organization. The agent penetrated the inner circle and maintained position for 6 months. Cell PASSAGE served as primary handler and extracted critical details during debriefing. Intelligence products include: complete organizational chart (30 identified members), financial network mapping, operational planning documents, and safe house locations (5 sites). This intelligence enables high-confidence takedown planning.</div></div></div>","archivedDay":327\},\{"id":"M114","typeId":"HVT_SURVEILLANCE_DOM","codename":"SHADOW GAVEL","threat":3,"label":"HVT SURVEILLANCE","category":"SURVEILLANCE OPS","location":"DOMESTIC","city":"Seattle","country":"United States","urgency":23,"urgencyLeft":7,"fillVars":\{"city":"Seattle","country":"United States","codename":"SHADOW GAVEL","urgency_days":"23","agency":"SAA","leaderTitle":"the President","bureau_name":"BUREAU","agency_name":"AGENCY","military_name":"DIA","alias":"KINGPIN","hvt_role":"cell commander","target_bg":"Subject has evaded previous interdiction attempts and is believed to have changed identity.","target_pattern":"weekly meetings at three rotating locations \'97 confirmed by three separate observation sessions","contact_role":"a domestic national under a separate investigation","location_detail":"a hotel in the city centre","comm_device":"Communication method observed: face-to-face dead-drop methodology \'97 full intercept not yet established","movement_window":"Possible window: a weekly 4-hour window when target travels alone \'97 not yet fully confirmed","counter_surv":"advanced \'97 regular SDR, difficult to follow without compromise","contact_network":"a domestic national under a separate investigation \'97 confirmed contact, meeting frequency established","residence":"a hotel in the city centre \'97 residence confirmed by field team","target_alias":"KINGPIN","suspect_name":"KINGPIN","target_role":"cell commander","rendition_role":"cell commander"\},"isMultiPhase":false,"status":"ARCHIVED","assignedInvDept":null,"invDaysLeft":0,"assignedBudget":2,"assignedExecDepts":["FIELD_OPS","COUNTER_INTEL","ANALYSIS","HUMINT","SIGINT"],"execDaysLeft":0,"successProb":92,"resultMsg":"Target KINGPIN under sustained surveillance. Residence: a hotel in the city centre. Regular movements: weekly meetings at three rotating locations \'97 confirmed by three separate observation sessions. Contact: a domestic national under a separate investigation. Comm device: Communication method observed: face-to-face dead-drop methodology \'97 full intercept not yet established. Counter-surv posture: advanced \'97 regular SDR, difficult to follow without compromise. Abduction window confirmed.","confDelta":3,"budgetDelta":0,"dayReceived":293,"phaseFalseFlag":false,"phaseFalseFlagText":"","phaseFalseFlagPenalty":false,"followUpSpawned":false,"suspects":[\{"alias":"KINGPIN","role":"cell commander","confidence":"HIGH","isTarget":true,"eliminated":false\}],"selectedSuspectIdx":0,"invDays":4,"execDays":3,"baseBudget":5,"invDepts":["FIELD_OPS","SIGINT","ANALYSIS"],"execDepts":["FIELD_OPS"],"opNarrative":"Field Operations deploys a discreet surveillance package on the target. Teams conduct rolling physical and technical surveillance to establish a full pattern of life. SIGINT passively monitors the digital footprint. The goal is to locate the target, map their movements and contacts, and identify an optimal window for capture or elimination \'97 without alerting the subject.","initialReport":"Local law enforcement flagged an individual matching KINGPIN profile in Seattle. Unconfirmed. Surveillance package authorized.","fullReport":"SURVEILLANCE BRIEF \'97 OP SHADOW GAVEL\\n\\nKINGPIN (cell commander) \'97 domestic surveillance package initiated from Seattle.\\n\\nSubject has evaded previous interdiction attempts and is believed to have changed identity.\\n\\nObjectives: confirm residence at a hotel in the city centre, map Possible window: a weekly 4-hour window when target travels alone \'97 not yet fully confirmed, identify Communication method observed: face-to-face dead-drop methodology \'97 full intercept not yet established usage and contact a domestic national under a separate investigation. Counter-surv posture: advanced \'97 regular SDR, difficult to follow without compromise.","successMsgs":["Surveillance package successfully established on KINGPIN. Full pattern of life mapped. Residence confirmed at a hotel in the city centre. Movement window identified: Possible window: a weekly 4-hour window when target travels alone \'97 not yet fully confirmed. Contact network includes a domestic national under a separate investigation. Target unaware of surveillance.","Surveillance complete. KINGPIN tracked across Seattle. Residence: a hotel in the city centre. Regular contact: a domestic national under a separate investigation. Communications: Communication method observed: face-to-face dead-drop methodology \'97 full intercept not yet established. Target pattern: weekly meetings at three rotating locations \'97 confirmed by three separate observation sessions. Window for action confirmed.","Full surveillance dossier assembled on KINGPIN. Target movements predictable: weekly meetings at three rotating locations \'97 confirmed by three separate observation sessions. Residence: a hotel in the city centre. Contact: a domestic national under a separate investigation. Optimal abduction window: Possible window: a weekly 4-hour window when target travels alone \'97 not yet fully confirmed. Counter-surveillance: advanced \'97 regular SDR, difficult to follow without compromise.","KINGPIN under full surveillance. Pattern of life established without compromise. Residence: a hotel in the city centre. Contact network and Communication method observed: face-to-face dead-drop methodology \'97 full intercept not yet established usage documented. Action window identified: Possible window: a weekly 4-hour window when target travels alone \'97 not yet fully confirmed.","Surveillance operation complete. KINGPIN \'97 full pattern of life mapped. Residence at a hotel in the city centre confirmed. Contact: a domestic national under a separate investigation. Movement window for abduction: Possible window: a weekly 4-hour window when target travels alone \'97 not yet fully confirmed. No counter-surveillance detected.","Target KINGPIN under sustained surveillance. Residence: a hotel in the city centre. Regular movements: weekly meetings at three rotating locations \'97 confirmed by three separate observation sessions. Contact: a domestic national under a separate investigation. Comm device: Communication method observed: face-to-face dead-drop methodology \'97 full intercept not yet established. Counter-surv posture: advanced \'97 regular SDR, difficult to follow without compromise. Abduction window confirmed."],"failureMsgs":["Surveillance detected. KINGPIN performed a counter-surveillance sweep and identified our team. Target has changed routines and may relocate.","Surveillance package blown. Target KINGPIN was alerted by an unknown source. Residence and movement data incomplete.","KINGPIN unexpectedly departed Seattle before the surveillance package could be fully established. Target location unknown.","Technical surveillance compromised. KINGPIN switched communication devices and changed patterns. Operational picture incomplete.","Field team burned. KINGPIN identified the surveillance asset during a routine counter-surveillance route. Target now elevated security posture.","Surveillance aborted when local security forces became aware of unusual activity. KINGPIN has gone to ground."],"confSuccess":[3,7],"confFail":[-5,-10],"intelFields":[\{"key":"target_pattern","label":"MOVEMENT PATTERN","value":"weekly meetings at three rotating locations \'97 confirmed by three separate observation sessions","revealed":true\},\{"key":"contact_network","label":"CONTACT NETWORK","value":"a domestic national under a separate investigation \'97 confirmed contact, meeting frequency established","revealed":true\},\{"key":"residence","label":"RESIDENCE","value":"a hotel in the city centre \'97 residence confirmed by field team","revealed":true\},\{"key":"comm_device","label":"COMMUNICATIONS","value":"Communication method observed: face-to-face dead-drop methodology \'97 full intercept not yet established","revealed":true\},\{"key":"movement_window","label":"ACTION WINDOW","value":"Possible window: a weekly 4-hour window when target travels alone \'97 not yet fully confirmed","revealed":true\}],"intelBonus":false,"blown":false,"blownDaysLeft":0,"lastInvOutcome":"SUCCESS","agencyJustification":"The target is a known threat actor operating under domestic civilian cover. Standard law enforcement surveillance authorities are insufficient \'97 the level of access required exceeds normal judicial warrant provisions. SAA covert surveillance protocols are the only instrument that can build the operational picture required to locate and apprehend this individual.","linkedHvtId":"H50","attachedEliteIds":["EU12"],"agencySupport":[\{"agencyId":"BUREAU","supportId":"FBI_SURV","label":"FBI Surveillance","bonusType":"execProb","bonusValue":10,"cost":8\}],"debriefHtml":"<div class=\\"db-wrap db-success\\"><div class=\\"db-toggle\\" onclick=\\"this.parentElement.classList.toggle('db-open')\\"><span class=\\"db-toggle-arrow\\">&#9654;</span><span class=\\"db-toggle-label\\">FULL OPERATIONAL DEBRIEF</span></div><div class=\\"db-body\\"><div class=\\"db-classification\\">SECRET // REL FVEY</div><div class=\\"db-title\\">AFTER-ACTION REPORT</div><div class=\\"db-subtitle\\">OP SHADOW GAVEL \'97 OBJECTIVES ACHIEVED</div><div class=\\"db-section-title\\">DEPLOYED ASSETS</div><div class=\\"db-assets\\"><div class=\\"db-asset-row\\"><span class=\\"db-asset-dept\\">FIELD OPS</span><span class=\\"db-asset-type\\">field team \'97 PRIMARY</span></div><div class=\\"db-asset-row\\"><span class=\\"db-asset-dept\\">COUNTER-INTEL</span><span class=\\"db-asset-type\\">officer \'97 PRIMARY</span></div><div class=\\"db-asset-row\\"><span class=\\"db-asset-dept\\">ANALYSIS</span><span class=\\"db-asset-type\\">desk \'97 SUPPORT</span></div><div class=\\"db-asset-row\\"><span class=\\"db-asset-dept\\">HUMINT</span><span class=\\"db-asset-type\\">handler \'97 SUPPORT</span></div><div class=\\"db-asset-row\\"><span class=\\"db-asset-dept\\">SIGINT</span><span class=\\"db-asset-type\\">intercept team \'97 SUPPORT</span></div><div class=\\"db-asset-row db-asset-elite\\"><span class=\\"db-asset-dept\\">Section BULWARK</span><span class=\\"db-asset-type\\">Counter-Intelligence \'97 ELITE</span></div></div><div class=\\"db-meta\\">Budget committed: $2M \'b7 Pre-operation success assessment: 92%</div><div class=\\"db-section-title\\">OPERATION TIMELINE</div><div class=\\"db-day\\">10 NOV 2025</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0940Z</span> Surveillance operation initiated. FIELD OPS/COUNTER-INTEL/ANALYSIS/HUMINT/SIGINT deployed observation teams to Seattle.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">1250Z</span> Primary observation post established at a cooperating business adjacent to the target's routine path.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">1450Z</span> SIGINT coverage initiated: target phone IMSI captured and monitored.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">1500Z</span> Technical surveillance device emplaced: audio device in target's vehicle.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-day\\">11 NOV 2025</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0550Z</span> Day 2 surveillance log: Target traveled to 3 locations. All documented with photo/video evidence.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0635Z</span> Target conducted what appears to be a counter-surveillance run \'97 drove an evasive route for 37 minutes before returning to routine. Our team was NOT detected.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-day\\">12 NOV 2025</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0715Z</span> Day 3 surveillance log: Target traveled to 3 locations. All documented with photo/video evidence.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">1055Z</span> Associate identified: a previously unknown contact \'97 now flagged for investigation.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-day\\">13 NOV 2025</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0600Z</span> Final collection day. All remaining intelligence gaps addressed.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0820Z</span> Surveillance package withdrawn. All teams extracted sequentially to avoid pattern recognition.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">1010Z</span> Final intelligence package compiled: 16 pages of analysis, 58 photographs, 29 communications intercepts, and complete pattern-of-life documentation.</div><div class=\\"db-section-title\\">ASSESSMENT</div><div class=\\"db-assessment\\">Extended surveillance of KINGPIN in Seattle has been completed. FIELD OPS field team, COUNTER-INTEL officer, ANALYSIS desk, HUMINT handler, SIGINT intercept team maintained covert observation for 3 days without detection. Section BULWARK identified critical patterns and contacts that were not previously known. Key products: complete pattern of life, 5 safe house locations, 3 associate identities, communications patterns mapped, and security detail assessment (1 personnel). This intelligence package enables high-confidence direct-action planning against the target.</div></div></div>","archivedDay":312\}],"depts":\{"ANALYSIS":\{"id":"ANALYSIS","name":"Analysis Bureau","short":"ANALYSIS","unitName":"desks","unitNameSingle":"desk","capacity":14\},"HUMINT":\{"id":"HUMINT","name":"Human Intelligence","short":"HUMINT","unitName":"handlers","unitNameSingle":"handler","capacity":10\},"SIGINT":\{"id":"SIGINT","name":"Signals Intelligence","short":"SIGINT","unitName":"intercept teams","unitNameSingle":"intercept team","capacity":10\},"FIELD_OPS":\{"id":"FIELD_OPS","name":"Field Operations","short":"FIELD OPS","unitName":"field teams","unitNameSingle":"field team","capacity":10\},"SPECIAL_OPS":\{"id":"SPECIAL_OPS","name":"Special Activities","short":"SPECIAL OPS","unitName":"strike units","unitNameSingle":"strike unit","capacity":6\},"FOREIGN_OPS":\{"id":"FOREIGN_OPS","name":"Foreign Operations","short":"FOREIGN OPS","unitName":"cells","unitNameSingle":"cell","capacity":10\},"COUNTER_INTEL":\{"id":"COUNTER_INTEL","name":"Counter-Intelligence","short":"COUNTER-INTEL","unitName":"officers","unitNameSingle":"officer","capacity":10\}\},"log":[\{"text":"D330: New mission received: OP LETHAL MERLIN [BUREAU FAVOR: SURVEILLANCE]","cls":""\},\{"text":"D329: Infiltrated assets produced +4 Intel this week.","cls":"log-info"\},\{"text":"D329: Weekly briefing: Confidence -2%. Budget +$12M.","cls":"log-warn"\},\{"text":"D328: EVENT: Critical systems failure in Signals Intelligence. Efficiency degraded by 20% for 3 days.","cls":"log-warn"\},\{"text":"D328: ELITE UNIT DISTINGUISHED: Team DARK ARROW (Field Operations) has proven exceptional during OP CORAL BASTION. Added to agency roster.","cls":"log-success"\},\{"text":"D328: SUCCESS: OP CORAL BASTION. +9% confidence, +3 Intel.","cls":"log-success"\},\{"text":"D328: KINGPIN abducted and detained at Annex SIGMA.","cls":"log-success"\},\{"text":"D328: +15 XP \'97 OP CORAL BASTION success.","cls":"log-xp"\},\{"text":"D327: Human Intelligence assigned to OP COBALT STALKER. Est. 4 days.","cls":"log-info"\},\{"text":"D327: Field Operations assigned to OP ZIRCON ESTUARY (SURVEILLANCE). Est. 4 days.","cls":"log-info"\},\{"text":"D327: GEO: Western Europe: hostile service operations becoming more aggressive. Allied networks under sustained pressure.","cls":"log-info"\},\{"text":"D327: New mission received: OP ZIRCON ESTUARY [SURVEILLANCE CHAIN]","cls":""\},\{"text":"D327: SUCCESS: OP AMBER SERPENT \'97 Full operation complete. +5% confidence.","cls":"log-success"\},\{"text":"D327: +5 XP \'97 FILE ORACLE infiltrated.","cls":"log-xp"\},\{"text":"D327: FILE ORACLE: Infiltration established. THE SILVER ORCHID is now compromised from within. +10% on all linked ops.","cls":"log-success"\},\{"text":"D327: +16 XP \'97 OP AMBER SERPENT full chain.","cls":"log-xp"\},\{"text":"D327: PHASE COMPLETE: OP AMBER SERPENT \'97 ESTABLISH. +5% confidence.","cls":"log-success"\},\{"text":"D327: SUCCESS: OP THORN BARRACUDA. +10% confidence, +3 Intel.","cls":"log-success"\},\{"text":"D327: CURARE abducted and detained at Facility REDLINE.","cls":"log-success"\},\{"text":"D327: +15 XP \'97 OP THORN BARRACUDA success.","cls":"log-xp"\},\{"text":"D327: Investigation complete: OP COBALT STALKER \'97 2 intel field(s) revealed [PARTIAL].","cls":"log-info"\},\{"text":"D326: OP TITANIUM BEACON launched. $6M \'b7 5 dept(s) \'b7 ETA 6d.","cls":"log-info"\},\{"text":"D326: OP NOBLE INFERNO dismissed.","cls":""\},\{"text":"D326: OP TITANIUM BEACON: CRITICAL SUCCESS \'97 all intel confirmed. Execution bonus +10%.","cls":"log-success"\},\{"text":"D326: \u9888  CRITICAL: OP NOBLE INFERNO \'97 investigation compromised. Target alerted.","cls":"log-warn"\},\{"text":"D326: RESOLVED: Asset Burned \'97 HUMINT \'97 HUMINT capacity restored.","cls":"log-info"\},\{"text":"D325: GEO: Fighting continues in Middle East. Casualty reports unreliable. Intelligence assets under extreme pressure.","cls":"log-info"\},\{"text":"D325: Favor complete: The Bureau (FBI) relation +8.","cls":"log-info"\},\{"text":"D325: ELITE PROMOTION: Handler SHEPHERD \u9733  \'97 +8% success rate, +1 intel field.","cls":"log-success"\},\{"text":"D325: SUCCESS: OP CIPHER PINNACLE. +5% confidence, +1 Intel.","cls":"log-success"\},\{"text":"D325: +6 XP \'97 OP CIPHER PINNACLE success.","cls":"log-xp"\},\{"text":"D324: OP THORN BARRACUDA launched. $2M \'b7 4 dept(s) \'b7 1 agency support \'b7 ETA 3d.","cls":"log-info"\},\{"text":"D324: OP CORAL BASTION launched. $4M \'b7 5 dept(s) \'b7 1 elite unit(s) \'b7 ETA 4d.","cls":"log-info"\},\{"text":"D324: Game loaded.","cls":"log-info"\},\{"text":"D324: Investigation complete: OP CORAL BASTION \'97 1 intel field(s) revealed [FAILURE].","cls":"log-info"\},\{"text":"D324: OP THORN BARRACUDA: CRITICAL SUCCESS \'97 all intel confirmed. Execution bonus +10%.","cls":"log-success"\},\{"text":"D323: Human Intelligence assigned to OP NOBLE INFERNO. Est. 3 days.","cls":"log-info"\},\{"text":"D323: Human Intelligence assigned to OP COBALT STALKER. Est. 4 days.","cls":"log-info"\},\{"text":"D323: Network expansion operation authorized: Western Europe theater. OP COBALT STALKER.","cls":"log-info"\},\{"text":"D323: New mission received: OP COBALT STALKER [NETWORK EXPANSION]","cls":""\},\{"text":"D323: Network expansion operation authorized: Latin America theater. OP NOBLE INFERNO.","cls":"log-info"\},\{"text":"D323: New mission received: OP NOBLE INFERNO [NETWORK EXPANSION]","cls":""\},\{"text":"D323: Foreign Operations assigned to OP TITANIUM BEACON. Est. 3 days.","cls":"log-info"\},\{"text":"D323: Station WAVE (Signals Intelligence) honorably retired from active duty.","cls":"log-info"\},\{"text":"D323: ELITE UNIT DISTINGUISHED: Station WAVE (Signals Intelligence) has proven exceptional during OP BROKEN DAGGER. Added to agency roster.","cls":"log-success"\},\{"text":"D323: SUCCESS: OP BROKEN DAGGER. +11% confidence, +1 Intel.","cls":"log-success"\},\{"text":"D323: +6 XP \'97 OP BROKEN DAGGER success.","cls":"log-xp"\},\{"text":"D323: Investigation complete: OP TITANIUM BEACON \'97 2 intel field(s) revealed [PARTIAL].","cls":"log-info"\},\{"text":"D322: OP AMBER SERPENT [ESTABLISH] launched. $3M \'b7 4 dept(s) \'b7 1 elite unit(s) \'b7 ETA 5d.","cls":"log-info"\},\{"text":"D322: OP BROKEN DAGGER launched. $1M \'b7 5 dept(s) \'b7 1 elite unit(s) \'b7 ETA 1d.","cls":"log-info"\}],"selected":null,"opsCompleted":110,"opsSucceeded":98,"missionIdCounter":129,"usedCodenames":\{"__set__":true,"values":["GOLDEN SPECTER","GHOST STORM","DARK WRAITH","MIDNIGHT WARLOCK","IRON ORACLE","SILENT BASTION","BLACK FALCON","COPPER BLADE","SHADOW LANCE","STONE HAWK","MIDNIGHT SPECTER","AMBER FALCON","WHITE GAVEL","STEEL SPECTER","BLACK SERPENT","FROZEN RAVEN","AZURE REAPER","CHROME ARROW","COPPER WARDEN","COLD WRAITH","GRANITE CITADEL","HOLLOW TOWER","ROUGE ANVIL","FALLEN PHANTOM","SWIFT STAR","BROKEN CITADEL","WHITE GATE","CHROME CITADEL","BLACK MANTIS","INDIGO TIDE","AZURE ORACLE","GHOST DAWN","IRON DAGGER","GHOST PHANTOM","GRANITE HAWK","VIOLET FIST","JADE WARLOCK","GOLDEN ARROW","CRIMSON CITADEL","TITAN TEMPEST","AMBER PHANTOM","TITAN GATE","TITAN ARROW","GOLDEN MANTIS","ONYX DAGGER","ROUGE CROWN","DARK ANVIL","GHOST MIRROR","STERLING DAGGER","INDIGO VECTOR","CRIMSON ANVIL","ONYX GAVEL","COBALT WOLF","COLD STAR","OBSIDIAN WARLOCK","SILVER ARROW","SILVER GAVEL","GRANITE CROWN","MIDNIGHT STORM","VIOLET ORACLE","INDIGO LANCE","ONYX LANCE","EMBER VEIL","HOLLOW REAPER","STEEL SERPENT","SILVER REAPER","IRON HAWK","ROUGE SOVEREIGN","STERLING TEMPEST","ONYX DAWN","SHADOW WRAITH","BURNING WARLOCK","CRIMSON BLADE","MIDNIGHT ARROW","JADE PHANTOM","HOLLOW DAWN","STEEL MANTIS","OBSIDIAN TEMPLAR","AMBER RAVEN","ONYX HAWK","CHROME FALCON","GHOST WARDEN","GOLDEN CITADEL","COPPER HAWK","DARK STORM","STONE CROWN","SILVER CONDOR","BLACK CITADEL","SWIFT WOLF","FROZEN ANVIL","IRON DAWN","BLIND BASTION","BLIND ANVIL","GHOST SERPENT","DARK WARDEN","OBSIDIAN ANVIL","FROZEN ARROW","COBALT CROSSBOW","SHADOW GATE","BLIND GAVEL","JADE VECTOR","FROZEN TEMPLAR","SCARLET SHIELD","AZURE SOVEREIGN","TITAN RAVEN","MIDNIGHT DAWN","WHITE TEMPLAR","COPPER BASTION","STERLING HAWK","GHOST SOVEREIGN","CRIMSON STORM","JADE BASTION","ROUGE TIDE","SHADOW GAVEL","THORN SHIELD","AMBER SERPENT","SHADOW STORM","BROKEN DAGGER","THORN BASTION","JADE TIDE"]\},"nextSpawnDay":338,"upgrades":\{"budgetRegen":4,"budgetCap":3,"ANALYSIS":6,"HUMINT":4,"SIGINT":5,"FIELD_OPS":6,"SPECIAL_OPS":4,"FOREIGN_OPS":6,"COUNTER_INTEL":5\},"hvts":[\{"id":"H9","type":"ORG","alias":"THE HOLLOW DIRECTIVE","role":"STATE PROXY","org":"FILE: THANATOS","threat":4,"location":"FOREIGN","status":"ACTIVE","knownFields":\{"type":"STATE PROXY","base":"Prague, Czech Republic","leader":"THE BANKER","network":"weapons specialist","objective":"the establishment of a permanent covert military presence in a neutral country"\},"gaps":[],"linkedMissionIds":["M9","M12","M14","M18","M21","M26","M32","M59"],"linkedPlotId":"P2","addedDay":53,"detainedAt":null,"detainedDay":null,"interrogationCount":0,"surveillanceEstablished":false,"handedTo":null\},\{"id":"H11","type":"ORG","alias":"THE SILVER ORCHID","role":"TERROR NETWORK","org":"FILE: ORACLE","threat":4,"location":"FOREIGN","status":"ACTIVE","knownFields":\{"type":"TERROR NETWORK","base":"Mosul, Iraq","network":"Partially mapped","objective":"the assassination of a senior government official","infiltration":"ACTIVE \'97 inside asset producing intelligence"\},"gaps":["Network leadership unidentified"],"linkedMissionIds":["M8","M11","M13","M17","M20","M116"],"linkedPlotId":"P1","addedDay":63,"detainedAt":null,"detainedDay":null,"interrogationCount":0,"surveillanceEstablished":false,"handedTo":null\},\{"id":"H20","type":"ORG","alias":"THE SUNKEN CIRCLE","role":"STATE PROXY","org":"FILE: PROMETHEUS","threat":4,"location":"FOREIGN","status":"ACTIVE","knownFields":\{"type":"STATE PROXY","base":"Bogot\'e1, Colombia","leader":"THE SURGEON","network":"logistics coordinator","objective":"the establishment of a permanent covert military presence in a neutral country","infiltration":"ACTIVE \'97 inside asset producing intelligence"\},"gaps":[],"linkedMissionIds":["M27","M30","M35","M38","M39","M41","M69"],"linkedPlotId":"P4","addedDay":108,"detainedAt":null,"detainedDay":null,"interrogationCount":0,"surveillanceEstablished":false,"handedTo":null\},\{"id":"H28","type":"ORG","alias":"THE SUNKEN COVENANT","role":"TERROR NETWORK","org":"FILE: ICARUS","threat":4,"location":"FOREIGN","status":"ACTIVE","knownFields":\{"type":"TERROR NETWORK","base":"Khartoum, Sudan","network":"field commander","objective":"a mass-casualty event targeting civilian population centers","leader":"THE GARDENER","infiltration":"ACTIVE \'97 inside asset producing intelligence"\},"gaps":[],"linkedMissionIds":["M48","M49","M52","M54","M57","M80"],"linkedPlotId":"P5","addedDay":154,"detainedAt":null,"detainedDay":null,"interrogationCount":0,"surveillanceEstablished":false,"handedTo":null\},\{"id":"H30","type":"ORG","alias":"THE SILENT VANGUARD","role":"TERROR NETWORK","org":"FILE: HYDRA","threat":3,"location":"FOREIGN","status":"ACTIVE","knownFields":\{"type":"TERROR NETWORK","base":"Riyadh, Saudi Arabia","leader":"THE DIRECTOR","network":"communications handler","objective":"a coordinated multi-site attack on critical infrastructure","infiltration":"ACTIVE \'97 inside asset producing intelligence"\},"gaps":[],"linkedMissionIds":["M51","M53","M56","M58","M61","M81"],"linkedPlotId":"P6","addedDay":161,"detainedAt":null,"detainedDay":null,"interrogationCount":0,"surveillanceEstablished":false,"handedTo":null\},\{"id":"H40","type":"HVT","alias":"RAPTOR","role":"propaganda coordinator","org":"STATE PROXY \'97 FILE PROMETHEUS","threat":5,"location":"FOREIGN","status":"DETAINED","knownFields":\{"city":"Bamako","country":"Mali"\},"gaps":[],"linkedMissionIds":["M92","M96","M102","M106","M113"],"addedDay":224,"detainedAt":"Facility REDLINE","detainedDay":298,"interrogationCount":3,"surveillanceEstablished":true,"handedTo":null,"trackedDay":273,"trackedExpiry":301,"interrogationCooldown":327\},\{"id":"H49","type":"HVT","alias":"WOLF","role":"suspected cell leader","org":"COUNTER-TERRORISM","threat":4,"location":"DOMESTIC","status":"NEUTRALIZED","knownFields":\{"city":"Seattle","country":"United States"\},"gaps":[],"linkedMissionIds":["M112"],"addedDay":291,"detainedAt":null,"detainedDay":null,"interrogationCount":0,"surveillanceEstablished":false,"trackedDay":null,"trackedExpiry":null,"handedTo":null,"factionId":null,"hvtIntelType":false,"hardness":"MODERATE"\},\{"id":"H50","type":"HVT","alias":"KINGPIN","role":"cell commander","org":"COUNTER-TERRORISM","threat":5,"location":"DOMESTIC","status":"DETAINED","knownFields":\{"city":"Seattle","country":"United States"\},"gaps":[],"linkedMissionIds":["M114","M123"],"addedDay":293,"detainedAt":"Annex SIGMA","detainedDay":328,"interrogationCount":0,"surveillanceEstablished":true,"handedTo":null,"factionId":null,"hvtIntelType":false,"linkedPlotId":null,"hardness":"ELITE","trackedDay":312,"trackedExpiry":333\},\{"id":"H51","type":"HVT","alias":"CURARE","role":"communications handler","org":"STATE PROXY \'97 FILE PROMETHEUS","threat":5,"location":"FOREIGN","status":"DETAINED","knownFields":\{"city":"Bamako","country":"Mali"\},"gaps":[],"linkedMissionIds":["M121","M124"],"addedDay":312,"detainedAt":"Facility REDLINE","detainedDay":327,"interrogationCount":0,"surveillanceEstablished":true,"handedTo":null,"factionId":null,"hvtIntelType":false,"linkedPlotId":null,"hardness":"MODERATE","trackedDay":320,"trackedExpiry":356\},\{"id":"H52","type":"HVT","alias":"WOLF","role":"recruitment officer","org":"COUNTER-TERRORISM","threat":5,"location":"DOMESTIC","status":"NEUTRALIZED","knownFields":\{"city":"Seattle","country":"United States"\},"gaps":[],"linkedMissionIds":["M120"],"addedDay":315,"detainedAt":null,"detainedDay":null,"interrogationCount":0,"surveillanceEstablished":false,"trackedDay":null,"trackedExpiry":null,"handedTo":null,"factionId":null,"hvtIntelType":false,"hardness":"MODERATE"\},\{"id":"H53","type":"HVT","alias":"BASILISK","role":"a senior network coordinator","org":"AGENCY FAVOR","threat":5,"location":"FOREIGN","status":"HANDED_OVER","knownFields":\{"city":"Addis Ababa","country":"Ethiopia"\},"gaps":[],"linkedMissionIds":["M119"],"addedDay":315,"detainedAt":"Auxiliary Site KILO","detainedDay":315,"interrogationCount":0,"surveillanceEstablished":false,"trackedDay":null,"trackedExpiry":null,"handedTo":"AGENCY","factionId":null,"hvtIntelType":false,"hardness":"MODERATE"\},\{"id":"H54","type":"HVT","alias":"SOLSTICE","role":"financial facilitator","org":"STATE PROXY \'97 FILE PROMETHEUS","threat":5,"location":"FOREIGN","status":"ACTIVE","knownFields":\{"city":"Bamako","country":"Mali"\},"gaps":["Identity requires verification","Current location unconfirmed","Security detail unknown"],"linkedMissionIds":["M125"],"addedDay":320,"detainedAt":null,"detainedDay":null,"interrogationCount":0,"surveillanceEstablished":false,"handedTo":null,"factionId":null,"hvtIntelType":false,"linkedPlotId":null,"hardness":"MODERATE"\},\{"id":"H55","type":"HVT","alias":"BROKEN DAGGER","role":"Unknown","org":"INTERNAL SECURITY","threat":2,"location":"DOMESTIC","status":"NEUTRALIZED","knownFields":\{"city":"Boston","country":"United States"\},"gaps":[],"linkedMissionIds":["M118"],"addedDay":323,"detainedAt":null,"detainedDay":null,"interrogationCount":0,"surveillanceEstablished":false,"trackedDay":null,"trackedExpiry":null,"handedTo":null,"factionId":"FIVE_EYES_CORE","hvtIntelType":true,"hardness":"MODERATE"\},\{"id":"H56","type":"HVT","alias":"TURNPIKE","role":"a technical witness who must be kept from foreign contact","org":"BUREAU FAVOR","threat":2,"location":"DOMESTIC","status":"HANDED_OVER","knownFields":\{"city":"Miami","country":"United States"\},"gaps":[],"linkedMissionIds":["M122"],"addedDay":325,"detainedAt":"Forward Base TITAN","detainedDay":325,"interrogationCount":0,"surveillanceEstablished":false,"trackedDay":null,"trackedExpiry":null,"handedTo":"BUREAU","factionId":null,"hvtIntelType":false,"hardness":"MODERATE"\}],"hvtIdCounter":56,"relations":\{"BUREAU":\{"relation":100,"favorsCompleted":4,"favorsFailed":0\},"AGENCY":\{"relation":96,"favorsCompleted":6,"favorsFailed":1\},"MILITARY":\{"relation":71,"favorsCompleted":5,"favorsFailed":2\}\},"currentFolder":"inbox","events":\{"lastEventDay":328,"activeEffects":[\{"id":"GEO_FAVOR_GE8_MILITARY","label":"Geo Crisis \'97 Middle East (MILITARY)","type":"geo_favor_boost","agency":"MILITARY","amount":20,"geoEventId":"GE8","daysLeft":26\},\{"id":"GEO_FAVOR_GE8_AGENCY","label":"Geo Crisis \'97 Middle East (AGENCY)","type":"geo_favor_boost","agency":"AGENCY","amount":10,"geoEventId":"GE8","daysLeft":26\},\{"id":"GEO_FAVOR_GE9_AGENCY","label":"Geo Crisis \'97 Western Europe (AGENCY)","type":"geo_favor_boost","agency":"AGENCY","amount":15,"geoEventId":"GE9","daysLeft":7\},\{"id":"GEO_FAVOR_GE9_BUREAU","label":"Geo Crisis \'97 Western Europe (BUREAU)","type":"geo_favor_boost","agency":"BUREAU","amount":10,"geoEventId":"GE9","daysLeft":7\},\{"id":"GEO_FAVOR_GE11_AGENCY","label":"Geo Crisis \'97 Africa (AGENCY)","type":"geo_favor_boost","agency":"AGENCY","amount":15,"geoEventId":"GE11","daysLeft":4\},\{"id":"GEO_FAVOR_GE11_MILITARY","label":"Geo Crisis \'97 Africa (MILITARY)","type":"geo_favor_boost","agency":"MILITARY","amount":10,"geoEventId":"GE11","daysLeft":4\},\{"id":"GEO_FAVOR_GE12_AGENCY","label":"Geo Crisis \'97 Latin America (AGENCY)","type":"geo_favor_boost","agency":"AGENCY","amount":15,"geoEventId":"GE12","daysLeft":80\},\{"id":"GEO_FAVOR_GE12_BUREAU","label":"Geo Crisis \'97 Latin America (BUREAU)","type":"geo_favor_boost","agency":"BUREAU","amount":10,"geoEventId":"GE12","daysLeft":80\},\{"id":"EQUIP_FAIL_SIGINT","label":"Equipment Failure \'97 SIGINT","type":"efficiency_penalty","dept":"SIGINT","penalty":20,"daysLeft":1\}],"history":[\{"id":"ASSET_BURNED","day":6\},\{"id":"EMERGENCY_FUNDING","day":22\},\{"id":"DEFECTOR_WALKIN","day":27\},\{"id":"MEDIA_LEAK","day":46\},\{"id":"MOLE_SCARE","day":59\},\{"id":"MEDIA_LEAK","day":80\},\{"id":"OVERSIGHT_INVESTIGATION","day":90\},\{"id":"BLACK_MARKET_INTEL","day":102\},\{"id":"CYBER_INTRUSION","day":121\},\{"id":"DEFECTOR_WALKIN","day":130\},\{"id":"LEADERSHIP_CHANGE","day":145\},\{"id":"RECRUITMENT_DRIVE","day":151\},\{"id":"POLITICAL_SCANDAL","day":159\},\{"id":"DEFECTOR_WALKIN","day":164\},\{"id":"POLITICAL_SCANDAL","day":178\},\{"id":"EQUIPMENT_FAILURE","day":184\},\{"id":"OVERSIGHT_INVESTIGATION","day":189\},\{"id":"DIPLOMATIC_INCIDENT","day":197\},\{"id":"BUDGET_HEARING","day":206\},\{"id":"BUDGET_HEARING","day":211\},\{"id":"EMERGENCY_FUNDING","day":219\},\{"id":"CYBER_INTRUSION","day":232\},\{"id":"RECRUITMENT_DRIVE","day":253\},\{"id":"OVERSIGHT_INVESTIGATION","day":259\},\{"id":"BUDGET_HEARING","day":269\},\{"id":"MEDIA_LEAK","day":277\},\{"id":"FOREIGN_AGENCY_OFFER","day":292\},\{"id":"DIPLOMATIC_INCIDENT","day":304\},\{"id":"ALLIED_INTEL_GIFT","day":314\},\{"id":"ASSET_BURNED","day":322\},\{"id":"EQUIPMENT_FAILURE","day":328\}],"efficiencyMods":\{\}\},"eliteUnits":[\{"id":"EU1","deptId":"SIGINT","deptName":"Signals Intelligence","prefix":"Station","name":"RELAY","fullName":"Station RELAY","desc":"A specialist signals station with advanced intercept and decryption capability.","bonusValue":8,"missionsCompleted":10,"forgedOnMission":"IRON ORACLE","forgedDay":28,"alive":false,"fate":"RETIRED","deathDay":169,"deathMission":null,"lastDeployedDay":164,"intelFieldBonus":1,"stars":1,"title":"Elite"\},\{"id":"EU2","deptId":"SPECIAL_OPS","deptName":"Special Activities","prefix":"Element","name":"RAPTOR","fullName":"Element RAPTOR","desc":"A tier-one direct action element with an exceptional mission record.","bonusValue":12,"missionsCompleted":21,"forgedOnMission":"COPPER BLADE","forgedDay":41,"alive":true,"fate":null,"deathDay":null,"deathMission":null,"lastDeployedDay":321,"intelFieldBonus":0,"stars":1,"title":"Elite"\},\{"id":"EU3","deptId":"ANALYSIS","deptName":"Analysis Bureau","prefix":"Desk","name":"QUILL","fullName":"Desk QUILL","desc":"An elite analytical desk renowned for pattern recognition and threat assessment.","bonusValue":8,"missionsCompleted":16,"forgedOnMission":"SILENT BASTION","forgedDay":51,"alive":true,"fate":null,"deathDay":null,"deathMission":null,"lastDeployedDay":309,"intelFieldBonus":1,"stars":1,"title":"Elite"\},\{"id":"EU4","deptId":"SIGINT","deptName":"Signals Intelligence","prefix":"Station","name":"INTERCEPT","fullName":"Station INTERCEPT","desc":"A specialist signals station with advanced intercept and decryption capability.","bonusValue":8,"missionsCompleted":7,"forgedOnMission":"BLACK MANTIS","forgedDay":83,"alive":false,"fate":"RETIRED","deathDay":167,"deathMission":null,"lastDeployedDay":165,"intelFieldBonus":0,"stars":0,"title":"Elite"\},\{"id":"EU5","deptId":"HUMINT","deptName":"Human Intelligence","prefix":"Handler","name":"COURIER","fullName":"Handler COURIER","desc":"A veteran handler network with deep source access and exceptional tradecraft.","bonusValue":8,"missionsCompleted":3,"forgedOnMission":"TITAN GATE","forgedDay":115,"alive":false,"fate":"BURNED","deathDay":204,"deathMission":"MIDNIGHT STORM","lastDeployedDay":200,"intelFieldBonus":0,"stars":0,"title":"Elite"\},\{"id":"EU6","deptId":"ANALYSIS","deptName":"Analysis Bureau","prefix":"Desk","name":"PRISM","fullName":"Desk PRISM","desc":"An elite analytical desk renowned for pattern recognition and threat assessment.","bonusValue":8,"missionsCompleted":2,"forgedOnMission":"ROUGE CROWN","forgedDay":129,"alive":false,"fate":"RETIRED","deathDay":186,"deathMission":null,"lastDeployedDay":182,"intelFieldBonus":0,"stars":0,"title":"Elite"\},\{"id":"EU7","deptId":"SIGINT","deptName":"Signals Intelligence","prefix":"Station","name":"FREQUENCY","fullName":"Station FREQUENCY","desc":"A specialist signals station with advanced intercept and decryption capability.","bonusValue":8,"missionsCompleted":12,"forgedOnMission":"SILVER GAVEL","forgedDay":169,"alive":true,"fate":null,"deathDay":null,"deathMission":null,"lastDeployedDay":324,"intelFieldBonus":1,"stars":1,"title":"Elite"\},\{"id":"EU8","deptId":"SPECIAL_OPS","deptName":"Special Activities","prefix":"Element","name":"RAPTOR","fullName":"Element RAPTOR","desc":"A tier-one direct action element with an exceptional mission record.","bonusValue":8,"missionsCompleted":1,"forgedOnMission":"STEEL SERPENT","forgedDay":181,"alive":false,"fate":"RETIRED","deathDay":181,"deathMission":null,"lastDeployedDay":null,"intelFieldBonus":0,"stars":0,"title":"Elite"\},\{"id":"EU9","deptId":"ANALYSIS","deptName":"Analysis Bureau","prefix":"Desk","name":"LENS","fullName":"Desk LENS","desc":"An elite analytical desk renowned for pattern recognition and threat assessment.","bonusValue":8,"missionsCompleted":1,"forgedOnMission":"SHADOW WRAITH","forgedDay":186,"alive":false,"fate":"RETIRED","deathDay":186,"deathMission":null,"lastDeployedDay":null,"intelFieldBonus":0,"stars":0,"title":"Elite"\},\{"id":"EU10","deptId":"HUMINT","deptName":"Human Intelligence","prefix":"Handler","name":"SHEPHERD","fullName":"Handler SHEPHERD","desc":"A veteran handler network with deep source access and exceptional tradecraft.","bonusValue":8,"missionsCompleted":10,"forgedOnMission":"BURNING WARLOCK","forgedDay":190,"alive":true,"fate":null,"deathDay":null,"deathMission":null,"lastDeployedDay":321,"intelFieldBonus":1,"stars":1,"title":"Elite"\},\{"id":"EU11","deptId":"SIGINT","deptName":"Signals Intelligence","prefix":"Station","name":"ECHO","fullName":"Station ECHO","desc":"A specialist signals station with advanced intercept and decryption capability.","bonusValue":8,"intelFieldBonus":0,"stars":0,"title":"Elite","missionsCompleted":1,"forgedOnMission":"SILVER CONDOR","forgedDay":231,"alive":false,"fate":"RETIRED","deathDay":231,"deathMission":null,"lastDeployedDay":null\},\{"id":"EU12","deptId":"COUNTER_INTEL","deptName":"Counter-Intelligence","prefix":"Section","name":"BULWARK","fullName":"Section BULWARK","desc":"A dedicated CI section with a proven record of identifying and neutralizing threats.","bonusValue":8,"intelFieldBonus":0,"stars":0,"title":"Elite","missionsCompleted":4,"forgedOnMission":"DARK WARDEN","forgedDay":241,"alive":true,"fate":null,"deathDay":null,"deathMission":null,"lastDeployedDay":322\},\{"id":"EU13","deptId":"FOREIGN_OPS","deptName":"Foreign Operations","prefix":"Cell","name":"PASSAGE","fullName":"Cell PASSAGE","desc":"An elite clandestine cell with extensive foreign operational experience.","bonusValue":8,"intelFieldBonus":0,"stars":0,"title":"Elite","missionsCompleted":5,"forgedOnMission":"COBALT CROSSBOW","forgedDay":252,"alive":true,"fate":null,"deathDay":null,"deathMission":null,"lastDeployedDay":322\},\{"id":"EU14","deptId":"SIGINT","deptName":"Signals Intelligence","prefix":"Station","name":"WAVE","fullName":"Station WAVE","desc":"A specialist signals station with advanced intercept and decryption capability.","bonusValue":8,"intelFieldBonus":0,"stars":0,"title":"Elite","missionsCompleted":1,"forgedOnMission":"BROKEN DAGGER","forgedDay":323,"alive":false,"fate":"RETIRED","deathDay":323,"deathMission":null,"lastDeployedDay":null\},\{"id":"EU15","deptId":"FIELD_OPS","deptName":"Field Operations","prefix":"Team","name":"DARK ARROW","fullName":"Team DARK ARROW","desc":"A battle-tested field team known for operational discipline under pressure.","bonusValue":8,"intelFieldBonus":0,"stars":0,"title":"Elite","missionsCompleted":1,"forgedOnMission":"CORAL BASTION","forgedDay":328,"alive":true,"fate":null,"deathDay":null,"deathMission":null,"lastDeployedDay":null\}],"eliteIdCounter":15,"operatives":[],"squads":[],"operativeIdCounter":0,"squadIdCounter":0,"defcon":5,"headlines":[\{"day":328,"text":"Multiple Arrests Made in Connection to Planned attack_type in Seattle","positive":true,"category":"domestic"\},\{"day":327,"text":"Libya Government Protests 'Foreign Interference' After Tripoli Incident","positive":true,"category":"foreign"\},\{"day":327,"text":"Sources: Covert Operation in Mali Yields High-Value Detention","positive":true,"category":"foreign"\},\{"day":325,"text":"the FBI Credits Multi-Agency Effort in Miami Takedown","positive":true,"category":"domestic"\},\{"day":323,"text":"the FBI Confirms Detention of Suspected group Operatives","positive":true,"category":"domestic"\},\{"day":316,"text":"Security Sources Report Successful Operation Against group in Netherlands","positive":true,"category":"foreign"\},\{"day":315,"text":"Western Intelligence Sources Linked to Operation in Addis Ababa","positive":true,"category":"foreign"\},\{"day":315,"text":"Threat to a sports stadium in Seattle Eliminated, Security Officials Confirm","positive":true,"category":"domestic"\},\{"day":312,"text":"the FBI Operation in Seattle Leads to Multiple Arrests","positive":true,"category":"domestic"\},\{"day":303,"text":"Sources: Rogue Intelligence Unit Behind Failed Kabul Operation","positive":false,"category":"failure-noisy"\},\{"day":298,"text":"Security Sources Report Successful Operation Against group in Mali","positive":true,"category":"foreign"\},\{"day":291,"text":"the FBI Foils Terror Plot Targeting a crowded market in Seattle","positive":true,"category":"domestic"\},\{"day":286,"text":"Authorities Confirm Disruption of attack_type Plot in Seattle","positive":true,"category":"domestic"\},\{"day":283,"text":"Unnamed Officials Confirm Neutralization of High-Value Target in China","positive":true,"category":"foreign"\},\{"day":277,"text":"Western Intelligence Sources Linked to Operation in Islamabad","positive":true,"category":"foreign"\},\{"day":276,"text":"Authorities Announce Arrests in Chicago Following Counter-Terror Operation","positive":true,"category":"domestic"\},\{"day":273,"text":"Officials Decline Comment on Reports of Covert Action in Mali","positive":true,"category":"foreign"\},\{"day":273,"text":"the FBI Operation in Seattle Leads to Multiple Arrests","positive":true,"category":"domestic"\},\{"day":269,"text":"Former Officials: Addis Ababa Debacle Points to Unauthorized Black Program","positive":false,"category":"failure-noisy"\},\{"day":263,"text":"the FBI Foils Terror Plot Targeting a religious site in Los Angeles","positive":true,"category":"domestic"\}],"geo":\{"theaters":\{"MIDDLE_EAST":\{"risk":5,"eventCount":3\},"EASTERN_EUROPE":\{"risk":2,"eventCount":2\},"CENTRAL_ASIA":\{"risk":3,"eventCount":0\},"EAST_ASIA":\{"risk":2,"eventCount":0\},"AFRICA":\{"risk":4,"eventCount":4\},"LATIN_AMERICA":\{"risk":3,"eventCount":2\},"WESTERN_EUROPE":\{"risk":3,"eventCount":1\},"NORTH_AMERICA":\{"risk":1,"eventCount":0\}\},"activeEvents":[\{"id":"GE8","typeId":"REGIONAL_WAR","theaterId":"MIDDLE_EAST","label":"REGIONAL WAR","icon":"\u9876 ","severity":5,"headline":"Open warfare has erupted in Middle East. Multiple state actors engaged. Intelligence demand critical.","startDay":185,"duration":170,"endDay":355,"riskBoost":3,"favorBoost":\{"MILITARY":20,"AGENCY":10\},"missionRateMultiplier":2.5,"orgSpawned":false,"terrorSpawned":true,"resolved":false,"_appliedBoosts":["GEO_FAVOR_GE8_MILITARY","GEO_FAVOR_GE8_AGENCY"]\},\{"id":"GE9","typeId":"INTELLIGENCE_WAR","theaterId":"WESTERN_EUROPE","label":"INTELLIGENCE WAR","icon":"\u55357 \u56385 ","severity":3,"headline":"A coordinated intelligence offensive is underway across Western Europe. Hostile services running aggressive operations.","startDay":231,"duration":105,"endDay":336,"riskBoost":2,"favorBoost":\{"AGENCY":15,"BUREAU":10\},"missionRateMultiplier":1.6,"orgSpawned":false,"terrorSpawned":true,"resolved":false,"_appliedBoosts":["GEO_FAVOR_GE9_AGENCY","GEO_FAVOR_GE9_BUREAU"]\},\{"id":"GE11","typeId":"REGIME_CHANGE","theaterId":"AFRICA","label":"REGIME CHANGE","icon":"\u9878 ","severity":4,"headline":"Coup confirmed in Africa. New regime consolidating power. Massive intelligence reassessment required.","startDay":293,"duration":40,"endDay":333,"riskBoost":2,"favorBoost":\{"AGENCY":15,"MILITARY":10\},"missionRateMultiplier":2,"orgSpawned":false,"terrorSpawned":true,"resolved":false,"_appliedBoosts":["GEO_FAVOR_GE11_AGENCY","GEO_FAVOR_GE11_MILITARY"]\},\{"id":"GE12","typeId":"INTELLIGENCE_WAR","theaterId":"LATIN_AMERICA","label":"INTELLIGENCE WAR","icon":"\u55357 \u56385 ","severity":3,"headline":"Signal intercepts confirm a hostile service has launched a systematic intelligence campaign across Latin America.","startDay":296,"duration":113,"endDay":409,"riskBoost":2,"favorBoost":\{"AGENCY":15,"BUREAU":10\},"missionRateMultiplier":1.6,"orgSpawned":false,"terrorSpawned":false,"resolved":false,"_appliedBoosts":["GEO_FAVOR_GE12_AGENCY","GEO_FAVOR_GE12_BUREAU"]\},\{"id":"GE10","typeId":"INTELLIGENCE_WAR","theaterId":"AFRICA","label":"INTELLIGENCE WAR","icon":"\u55357 \u56385 ","severity":3,"headline":"Signal intercepts confirm a hostile service has launched a systematic intelligence campaign across Africa.","startDay":235,"duration":59,"endDay":294,"riskBoost":2,"favorBoost":\{"AGENCY":15,"BUREAU":10\},"missionRateMultiplier":1.6,"orgSpawned":false,"terrorSpawned":true,"resolved":true,"_appliedBoosts":["GEO_FAVOR_GE10_AGENCY","GEO_FAVOR_GE10_BUREAU"]\},\{"id":"GE6","typeId":"ARMS_RACE","theaterId":"EASTERN_EUROPE","label":"ARMS RACE","icon":"\u9762 ","severity":3,"headline":"Intelligence assessment: Eastern Europe weapons development programs have reached a critical threshold. Strategic balance shifting.","startDay":145,"duration":139,"endDay":284,"riskBoost":2,"favorBoost":\{"MILITARY":15,"AGENCY":10\},"missionRateMultiplier":1.5,"orgSpawned":false,"terrorSpawned":true,"resolved":true,"_appliedBoosts":["GEO_FAVOR_GE6_MILITARY","GEO_FAVOR_GE6_AGENCY"]\},\{"id":"GE5","typeId":"REGIME_CHANGE","theaterId":"MIDDLE_EAST","label":"REGIME CHANGE","icon":"\u9878 ","severity":4,"headline":"A government in Middle East has fallen. Power vacuum forming. Intelligence assets scrambling to establish contact with new actors.","startDay":128,"duration":74,"endDay":202,"riskBoost":2,"favorBoost":\{"AGENCY":15,"MILITARY":10\},"missionRateMultiplier":2,"orgSpawned":true,"terrorSpawned":true,"resolved":true,"_appliedBoosts":["GEO_FAVOR_GE5_AGENCY","GEO_FAVOR_GE5_MILITARY"]\},\{"id":"GE7","typeId":"INSURGENCY","theaterId":"AFRICA","label":"INSURGENCY","icon":"\u55357 \u56613 ","severity":3,"headline":"Insurgent forces in Africa have seized territory. Central authority eroding. Intelligence gaps widening.","startDay":154,"duration":47,"endDay":201,"riskBoost":2,"favorBoost":\{"MILITARY":10,"AGENCY":5\},"missionRateMultiplier":1.8,"orgSpawned":false,"terrorSpawned":true,"resolved":true,"_appliedBoosts":["GEO_FAVOR_GE7_MILITARY","GEO_FAVOR_GE7_AGENCY"]\},\{"id":"GE4","typeId":"PROXY_CONFLICT","theaterId":"AFRICA","label":"PROXY CONFLICT","icon":"\u9873 ","severity":4,"headline":"Africa: rival intelligence services are running parallel destabilization campaigns. Proxy forces multiplying.","startDay":122,"duration":57,"endDay":179,"riskBoost":2,"favorBoost":\{"MILITARY":15,"AGENCY":10\},"missionRateMultiplier":2,"orgSpawned":true,"terrorSpawned":true,"resolved":true,"_appliedBoosts":["GEO_FAVOR_GE4_MILITARY","GEO_FAVOR_GE4_AGENCY"]\},\{"id":"GE1","typeId":"PROXY_CONFLICT","theaterId":"MIDDLE_EAST","label":"PROXY CONFLICT","icon":"\u9873 ","severity":4,"headline":"A shadow war in Middle East has gone hot. State-backed militias engaging in open combat under paper-thin cover.","startDay":17,"duration":136,"endDay":153,"riskBoost":2,"favorBoost":\{"MILITARY":15,"AGENCY":10\},"missionRateMultiplier":2,"orgSpawned":true,"terrorSpawned":true,"resolved":true,"_appliedBoosts":["GEO_FAVOR_GE1_MILITARY","GEO_FAVOR_GE1_AGENCY"]\},\{"id":"GE3","typeId":"INSURGENCY","theaterId":"LATIN_AMERICA","label":"INSURGENCY","icon":"\u55357 \u56613 ","severity":3,"headline":"Latin America: a well-armed insurgency is exploiting governance vacuums. Recruitment accelerating.","startDay":61,"duration":81,"endDay":142,"riskBoost":2,"favorBoost":\{"MILITARY":10,"AGENCY":5\},"missionRateMultiplier":1.8,"orgSpawned":true,"terrorSpawned":true,"resolved":true,"_appliedBoosts":["GEO_FAVOR_GE3_MILITARY","GEO_FAVOR_GE3_AGENCY"]\},\{"id":"GE2","typeId":"INTELLIGENCE_WAR","theaterId":"EASTERN_EUROPE","label":"INTELLIGENCE WAR","icon":"\u55357 \u56385 ","severity":3,"headline":"Eastern Europe: expulsions of diplomatic personnel on both sides. Intelligence war has gone overt.","startDay":43,"duration":84,"endDay":127,"riskBoost":2,"favorBoost":\{"AGENCY":15,"BUREAU":10\},"missionRateMultiplier":1.6,"orgSpawned":true,"terrorSpawned":true,"resolved":true,"_appliedBoosts":["GEO_FAVOR_GE2_AGENCY","GEO_FAVOR_GE2_BUREAU"]\}],"eventIdCounter":12,"nextCheckDay":331,"checkInterval":3\},"plots":[\{"id":"P1","fileName":"ORACLE","orgName":"THE SILVER ORCHID","orgType":"terrorist_network","orgLabel":"TERROR NETWORK","orgDesc":"A decentralized terror network with cells operating across multiple countries.","objective":"the assassination of a senior government official","missionPool":["DOMESTIC_TERROR","FOREIGN_HVT","COUNTER_INTEL"],"threat":4,"region":"FOREIGN","baseCity":"Mosul","baseCountry":"Iraq","leaderAlias":"THE SURGEON","lieutenants":[\{"role":"intelligence officer","known":false,"neutralized":false\},\{"role":"safe house manager","known":false,"neutralized":false\}],"totalSteps":5,"currentStep":5,"missions":[\{"missionId":"M8","stepIndex":0,"typeId":"FOREIGN_HVT","codename":"COPPER BLADE","status":"SUCCESS"\},\{"missionId":"M11","stepIndex":1,"typeId":"COUNTER_INTEL","codename":"MIDNIGHT SPECTER","status":"SUCCESS"\},\{"missionId":"M13","stepIndex":2,"typeId":"COUNTER_INTEL","codename":"WHITE GAVEL","status":"SUCCESS"\},\{"missionId":"M17","stepIndex":3,"typeId":"COUNTER_INTEL","codename":"AZURE REAPER","status":"SUCCESS"\},\{"missionId":"M20","stepIndex":4,"typeId":"COUNTER_INTEL","codename":"COLD WRAITH","status":"SUCCESS"\},\{"missionId":"M116","stepIndex":-1,"typeId":"ORG_INFILTRATION","codename":"AMBER SERPENT","status":"SUCCESS"\}],"flagged":true,"flaggedDay":63,"flagStepThreshold":3,"status":"ACTIVE","infiltrated":true,"createdDay":28,"nextMissionDay":59,"missionInterval":[4,8],"knownIntel":\{"type":true,"leader":false,"objective":true,"strength":true,"baseLocation":true\},"geoTheaterId":"MIDDLE_EAST"\},\{"id":"P2","fileName":"THANATOS","orgName":"THE HOLLOW DIRECTIVE","orgType":"state_proxy","orgLabel":"STATE PROXY","orgDesc":"A state-directed proxy force conducting asymmetric operations against allied interests.","objective":"the establishment of a permanent covert military presence in a neutral country","missionPool":["FOREIGN_HVT","COUNTER_INTEL","REGIME_OP","ASSET_RESCUE"],"threat":4,"region":"FOREIGN","baseCity":"Prague","baseCountry":"Czech Republic","leaderAlias":"THE BANKER","lieutenants":[\{"role":"recruitment lead","known":false,"neutralized":false\},\{"role":"weapons specialist","known":true,"neutralized":false\}],"totalSteps":7,"currentStep":7,"missions":[\{"missionId":"M9","stepIndex":0,"typeId":"FOREIGN_HVT","codename":"SHADOW LANCE","status":"FAILURE"\},\{"missionId":"M12","stepIndex":1,"typeId":"REGIME_OP","codename":"AMBER FALCON","status":"SUCCESS"\},\{"missionId":"M14","stepIndex":2,"typeId":"ASSET_RESCUE","codename":"STEEL SPECTER","status":"SUCCESS"\},\{"missionId":"M18","stepIndex":3,"typeId":"FOREIGN_HVT","codename":"CHROME ARROW","status":"SUCCESS"\},\{"missionId":"M21","stepIndex":4,"typeId":"REGIME_OP","codename":"GRANITE CITADEL","status":"SUCCESS"\},\{"missionId":"M26","stepIndex":5,"typeId":"FOREIGN_HVT","codename":"BROKEN CITADEL","status":"SUCCESS"\},\{"missionId":"M32","stepIndex":6,"typeId":"ASSET_RESCUE","codename":"GHOST DAWN","status":"FAILURE"\},\{"missionId":"M59","stepIndex":-1,"typeId":"ORG_INFILTRATION","codename":"MIDNIGHT STORM","status":"FAILURE"\}],"flagged":true,"flaggedDay":53,"flagStepThreshold":2,"status":"ACTIVE","infiltrated":false,"createdDay":29,"nextMissionDay":81,"missionInterval":[5,10],"knownIntel":\{"type":true,"leader":true,"objective":true,"strength":true,"baseLocation":true\}\},\{"id":"P3","fileName":"CERBERUS","orgName":"THE SCARLET VEIL","orgType":"criminal_syndicate","orgLabel":"CRIMINAL SYNDICATE","orgDesc":"A syndicate leveraging criminal networks to provide logistical support to hostile actors.","objective":"the laundering of billions through compromised financial institutions","missionPool":["DOMESTIC_TERROR","FOREIGN_HVT","RENDITION"],"threat":2,"region":"FOREIGN","baseCity":"St. Petersburg","baseCountry":"Russia","leaderAlias":"THE PILGRIM","lieutenants":[\{"role":"field commander","known":false,"neutralized":false\},\{"role":"financial officer","known":false,"neutralized":false\}],"totalSteps":4,"currentStep":4,"missions":[\{"missionId":"M16","stepIndex":0,"typeId":"FOREIGN_HVT","codename":"FROZEN RAVEN","status":"SUCCESS"\},\{"missionId":"M19","stepIndex":1,"typeId":"RENDITION","codename":"COPPER WARDEN","status":"SUCCESS"\},\{"missionId":"M22","stepIndex":2,"typeId":"RENDITION","codename":"HOLLOW TOWER","status":"PENDING"\},\{"missionId":"M24","stepIndex":3,"typeId":"DOMESTIC_TERROR","codename":"FALLEN PHANTOM","status":"PENDING"\}],"flagged":false,"flaggedDay":null,"flagStepThreshold":3,"status":"ACTIVE","infiltrated":false,"createdDay":48,"nextMissionDay":67,"missionInterval":[4,8],"knownIntel":\{"type":false,"leader":false,"objective":false,"strength":false,"baseLocation":false\},"geoTheaterId":"EASTERN_EUROPE"\},\{"id":"P4","fileName":"PROMETHEUS","orgName":"THE SUNKEN CIRCLE","orgType":"state_proxy","orgLabel":"STATE PROXY","orgDesc":"A state-directed proxy force conducting asymmetric operations against allied interests.","objective":"the establishment of a permanent covert military presence in a neutral country","missionPool":["FOREIGN_HVT","COUNTER_INTEL","REGIME_OP","ASSET_RESCUE"],"threat":4,"region":"FOREIGN","baseCity":"Bogot\'e1","baseCountry":"Colombia","leaderAlias":"THE SURGEON","lieutenants":[\{"role":"field commander","known":false,"neutralized":false\},\{"role":"documents forger","known":false,"neutralized":false\},\{"role":"logistics coordinator","known":true,"neutralized":false\},\{"role":"technical specialist","known":false,"neutralized":false\}],"totalSteps":6,"currentStep":6,"missions":[\{"missionId":"M27","stepIndex":0,"typeId":"REGIME_OP","codename":"WHITE GATE","status":"PENDING"\},\{"missionId":"M30","stepIndex":1,"typeId":"REGIME_OP","codename":"INDIGO TIDE","status":"PENDING"\},\{"missionId":"M35","stepIndex":2,"typeId":"REGIME_OP","codename":"GRANITE HAWK","status":"PENDING"\},\{"missionId":"M38","stepIndex":3,"typeId":"FOREIGN_HVT","codename":"GOLDEN ARROW","status":"SUCCESS"\},\{"missionId":"M39","stepIndex":4,"typeId":"FOREIGN_HVT","codename":"CRIMSON CITADEL","status":"SUCCESS"\},\{"missionId":"M41","stepIndex":5,"typeId":"COUNTER_INTEL","codename":"AMBER PHANTOM","status":"SUCCESS"\},\{"missionId":"M69","stepIndex":-1,"typeId":"ORG_INFILTRATION","codename":"STERLING TEMPEST","status":"SUCCESS"\}],"flagged":true,"flaggedDay":108,"flagStepThreshold":2,"status":"ACTIVE","infiltrated":true,"createdDay":70,"nextMissionDay":105,"missionInterval":[4,8],"knownIntel":\{"type":true,"leader":true,"objective":true,"strength":true,"baseLocation":true\},"geoTheaterId":"LATIN_AMERICA"\},\{"id":"P5","fileName":"ICARUS","orgName":"THE SUNKEN COVENANT","orgType":"terrorist_network","orgLabel":"TERROR NETWORK","orgDesc":"A well-funded extremist organization recruiting through encrypted channels.","objective":"a mass-casualty event targeting civilian population centers","missionPool":["DOMESTIC_TERROR","FOREIGN_HVT","COUNTER_INTEL"],"threat":4,"region":"FOREIGN","baseCity":"Khartoum","baseCountry":"Sudan","leaderAlias":"THE GARDENER","lieutenants":[\{"role":"operations planner","known":false,"neutralized":false\},\{"role":"surveillance chief","known":false,"neutralized":false\},\{"role":"field commander","known":true,"neutralized":false\}],"totalSteps":5,"currentStep":5,"missions":[\{"missionId":"M48","stepIndex":0,"typeId":"DOMESTIC_TERROR","codename":"GHOST MIRROR","status":"SUCCESS"\},\{"missionId":"M49","stepIndex":1,"typeId":"FOREIGN_HVT","codename":"STERLING DAGGER","status":"SUCCESS"\},\{"missionId":"M52","stepIndex":2,"typeId":"DOMESTIC_TERROR","codename":"ONYX GAVEL","status":"PENDING"\},\{"missionId":"M54","stepIndex":3,"typeId":"FOREIGN_HVT","codename":"COLD STAR","status":"SUCCESS"\},\{"missionId":"M57","stepIndex":4,"typeId":"FOREIGN_HVT","codename":"SILVER GAVEL","status":"SUCCESS"\},\{"missionId":"M80","stepIndex":-1,"typeId":"ORG_INFILTRATION","codename":"ONYX HAWK","status":"SUCCESS"\}],"flagged":true,"flaggedDay":154,"flagStepThreshold":3,"status":"ACTIVE","infiltrated":true,"createdDay":125,"nextMissionDay":151,"missionInterval":[4,8],"knownIntel":\{"type":true,"leader":true,"objective":true,"strength":true,"baseLocation":true\},"geoTheaterId":"AFRICA"\},\{"id":"P6","fileName":"HYDRA","orgName":"THE SILENT VANGUARD","orgType":"terrorist_network","orgLabel":"TERROR NETWORK","orgDesc":"A decentralized terror network with cells operating across multiple countries.","objective":"a coordinated multi-site attack on critical infrastructure","missionPool":["DOMESTIC_TERROR","FOREIGN_HVT","COUNTER_INTEL"],"threat":3,"region":"FOREIGN","baseCity":"Riyadh","baseCountry":"Saudi Arabia","leaderAlias":"THE DIRECTOR","lieutenants":[\{"role":"surveillance chief","known":false,"neutralized":false\},\{"role":"communications handler","known":true,"neutralized":false\}],"totalSteps":5,"currentStep":5,"missions":[\{"missionId":"M51","stepIndex":0,"typeId":"COUNTER_INTEL","codename":"CRIMSON ANVIL","status":"SUCCESS"\},\{"missionId":"M53","stepIndex":1,"typeId":"DOMESTIC_TERROR","codename":"COBALT WOLF","status":"PENDING"\},\{"missionId":"M56","stepIndex":2,"typeId":"FOREIGN_HVT","codename":"SILVER ARROW","status":"SUCCESS"\},\{"missionId":"M58","stepIndex":3,"typeId":"DOMESTIC_TERROR","codename":"GRANITE CROWN","status":"SUCCESS"\},\{"missionId":"M61","stepIndex":4,"typeId":"DOMESTIC_TERROR","codename":"INDIGO LANCE","status":"SUCCESS"\},\{"missionId":"M81","stepIndex":-1,"typeId":"ORG_INFILTRATION","codename":"CHROME FALCON","status":"SUCCESS"\}],"flagged":true,"flaggedDay":161,"flagStepThreshold":2,"status":"ACTIVE","infiltrated":true,"createdDay":136,"nextMissionDay":162,"missionInterval":[4,8],"knownIntel":\{"type":true,"leader":true,"objective":true,"strength":true,"baseLocation":true\},"geoTheaterId":"MIDDLE_EAST"\}],"plotIdCounter":6,"plotNextCheck":44,"selectedType":null,"intelMessages":[],"intelIdCounter":93,"_pendingHandovers":[],"intel":64,"intelLifetime":154,"playerFactionId":"FIVE_EYES_CORE","homeTheaterId":"NORTH_AMERICA","networks":\{"MIDDLE_EAST":\{"health":13.91051,"floor":0,"floorDecayDay":214,"factions":\{"FIVE_EYES_CORE":13.91051,"EUROPEAN_ACCORD":10.10248,"EASTERN_DIRECTORATE":9.9084,"CRESCENT_CIRCLE":32.17193,"SILK_ROAD_BUREAU":7.96148,"PACIFIC_RING":9.42388,"SAHEL_COMPACT":6.82884,"SOUTHERN_CROSS":9.69248\}\},"EASTERN_EUROPE":\{"health":12.29103,"floor":0,"floorDecayDay":214,"factions":\{"FIVE_EYES_CORE":12.29103,"EUROPEAN_ACCORD":8.68377,"EASTERN_DIRECTORATE":33.64128,"CRESCENT_CIRCLE":8.76752,"SILK_ROAD_BUREAU":9.6743,"PACIFIC_RING":7.88518,"SAHEL_COMPACT":9.85225,"SOUTHERN_CROSS":9.20468\}\},"CENTRAL_ASIA":\{"health":11.38032,"floor":0,"floorDecayDay":214,"factions":\{"FIVE_EYES_CORE":11.38032,"EUROPEAN_ACCORD":8.53335,"EASTERN_DIRECTORATE":9.4972,"CRESCENT_CIRCLE":8.58208,"SILK_ROAD_BUREAU":34.92309,"PACIFIC_RING":9.22073,"SAHEL_COMPACT":9.61226,"SOUTHERN_CROSS":8.25098\}\},"EAST_ASIA":\{"health":11.31528,"floor":0,"floorDecayDay":214,"factions":\{"FIVE_EYES_CORE":11.31528,"EUROPEAN_ACCORD":8.82803,"EASTERN_DIRECTORATE":10.14664,"CRESCENT_CIRCLE":8.78355,"SILK_ROAD_BUREAU":9.32398,"PACIFIC_RING":32.80283,"SAHEL_COMPACT":9.192,"SOUTHERN_CROSS":9.60769\}\},"AFRICA":\{"health":20.72436,"floor":0,"floorDecayDay":214,"factions":\{"FIVE_EYES_CORE":20.72436,"EUROPEAN_ACCORD":8.42596,"EASTERN_DIRECTORATE":7.34204,"CRESCENT_CIRCLE":7.29874,"SILK_ROAD_BUREAU":8.4115,"PACIFIC_RING":7.30414,"SAHEL_COMPACT":31.32475,"SOUTHERN_CROSS":9.1685\}\},"LATIN_AMERICA":\{"health":3.11694,"floor":0,"floorDecayDay":214,"factions":\{"FIVE_EYES_CORE":3.11694,"EUROPEAN_ACCORD":10.26831,"EASTERN_DIRECTORATE":10.10604,"CRESCENT_CIRCLE":10.05611,"SILK_ROAD_BUREAU":9.46655,"PACIFIC_RING":9.23236,"SAHEL_COMPACT":10.46685,"SOUTHERN_CROSS":37.28683\}\},"WESTERN_EUROPE":\{"health":4.78593,"floor":0,"floorDecayDay":214,"factions":\{"FIVE_EYES_CORE":4.78593,"EUROPEAN_ACCORD":37.3859,"EASTERN_DIRECTORATE":9.58226,"CRESCENT_CIRCLE":9.44137,"SILK_ROAD_BUREAU":9.93787,"PACIFIC_RING":9.76755,"SAHEL_COMPACT":9.44873,"SOUTHERN_CROSS":9.65039\}\},"NORTH_AMERICA":\{"health":60.79441,"floor":0,"floorDecayDay":214,"factions":\{"FIVE_EYES_CORE":60.79441,"EUROPEAN_ACCORD":5.5367,"EASTERN_DIRECTORATE":5.47815,"CRESCENT_CIRCLE":5.64409,"SILK_ROAD_BUREAU":5.56377,"PACIFIC_RING":5.43637,"SAHEL_COMPACT":5.70232,"SOUTHERN_CROSS":5.84419\}\}\},"_prevMissionIds":\{"__set__":true,"values":["M128","M127","M125","M124","M123","M122","M121","M120","M119","M118","M117","M116","M114"]\},"_countryCode":"USA"\}\},"save_1773240162091":\{"label":"Manual Save \'97 Day 324","agency":"SAA","country":"United States","day":324,"confidence":100,"timestamp":1773240162093,"data":\{"country":"USA","day":324,"budget":61,"confidence":100,"xp":367,"xpThisMonth":63,"monthOpsCompleted":6,"monthOpsSucceeded":6,"lastRecapDay":304,"missions":[\{"id":"M127","typeId":"NETWORK_EXPANSION","codename":"COBALT STALKER","threat":2,"label":"NETWORK EXPANSION","category":"INTELLIGENCE OPERATIONS","location":"FOREIGN","city":"Brussels","country":"Belgium","urgency":31,"urgencyLeft":30,"fillVars":\{"city":"Brussels","country":"Belgium","codename":"COBALT STALKER","urgency_days":"31","agency":"SAA","leaderTitle":"the President","bureau_name":"BUREAU","agency_name":"AGENCY","military_name":"DIA","theater_name":"Western Europe","cover_status":"Cover identity prepared \'97 final documentation pending","recruitment_targets":"Three viable candidates identified \'97 motivation and access profiles characterized","local_ci_assessment":"Local counter-intelligence capability assessed as LIMITED \'97 favorable operational environment"\},"isMultiPhase":false,"status":"INVESTIGATING","assignedInvDept":"HUMINT","invDaysLeft":3,"assignedBudget":0,"assignedExecDepts":[],"execDaysLeft":0,"successProb":0,"resultMsg":"","confDelta":0,"budgetDelta":0,"dayReceived":323,"phaseFalseFlag":false,"phaseFalseFlagText":"","phaseFalseFlagPenalty":false,"followUpSpawned":false,"suspects":[],"selectedSuspectIdx":null,"invDays":4,"execDays":4,"baseBudget":8,"invDepts":["ANALYSIS","HUMINT","SIGINT"],"execDepts":["FOREIGN_OPS","HUMINT"],"opNarrative":"Foreign Operations establishes a cover platform in Brussels. HUMINT handlers identify and develop potential sources within the local intelligence, military, and political establishments. The recruitment cycle \'97 spot, assess, develop, recruit \'97 is executed methodically over the operational window. Supporting infrastructure (safe houses, dead drops, communications protocols) is established in parallel.","initialReport":"Current HUMINT penetration in Belgium is rated INADEQUATE. Source development operation in Brussels is recommended to address coverage gaps.","fullReport":"NETWORK EXPANSION BRIEF \'97 OP COBALT STALKER\\n\\nTheater: Western Europe. Location: Brussels, Belgium.\\n\\nCurrent intelligence coverage in this area is insufficient. This operation will develop new sources within local power structures and establish supporting clandestine infrastructure.\\n\\nRecommended approach: gradual recruitment through established cover, supported by SIGINT targeting.","successMsgs":["Network established. Three new sources recruited in \{city\}. Collection infrastructure operational. \{theater_name\} theater coverage significantly improved.","Operation complete. Source network in \{country\} is now active and producing. Dead-drop chain and secure communications established. Theater coverage upgraded.","Recruitment cycle successful. Multiple assets now reporting from \{city\}. Cover platforms secure. \{theater_name\} intelligence capability enhanced.","Network expansion achieved. New collection streams active in \{country\}. Safe house chain and exfiltration protocols in place. Coverage rating: ADEQUATE."],"failureMsgs":["Cover platform compromised in \{city\}. Lead recruiter identified by local CI. All assets burned. Network expansion failed.","Operation blown. Local security services arrested the principal agent in \{country\}. Recruitment program terminated. Coverage gap remains.","Source development unsuccessful. Target environment in \{city\} proved hostile. No viable assets recruited. \{theater_name\} coverage unchanged.","Cover story collapsed. Two officers detained briefly before diplomatic extraction. Network infrastructure abandoned. Operation failed."],"confSuccess":[2,5],"confFail":[-3,-6],"intelFields":[\{"key":"cover_status","label":"COVER PLATFORM","value":"Cover identity prepared \'97 final documentation pending","revealed":false\},\{"key":"recruitment_targets","label":"RECRUITMENT TARGETS","value":"Three viable candidates identified \'97 motivation and access profiles characterized","revealed":false\},\{"key":"local_ci_assessment","label":"LOCAL CI POSTURE","value":"Local counter-intelligence capability assessed as LIMITED \'97 favorable operational environment","revealed":false\}],"intelBonus":false,"blown":false,"blownDaysLeft":0,"lastInvOutcome":null,"agencyJustification":"SAA requires expanded human intelligence coverage in the Western Europe theater. Current network penetration is insufficient for adequate threat detection and operational support. Authorization is requested for a clandestine recruitment and infrastructure development program in Brussels, Belgium.","networkTheaterId":"WESTERN_EUROPE"\},\{"id":"M126","typeId":"NETWORK_EXPANSION","codename":"NOBLE INFERNO","threat":2,"label":"NETWORK EXPANSION","category":"INTELLIGENCE OPERATIONS","location":"FOREIGN","city":"Mexico City","country":"Mexico","urgency":22,"urgencyLeft":21,"fillVars":\{"city":"Mexico City","country":"Mexico","codename":"NOBLE INFERNO","urgency_days":"22","agency":"SAA","leaderTitle":"the President","bureau_name":"BUREAU","agency_name":"AGENCY","military_name":"DIA","theater_name":"Latin America","cover_status":"Cover platform established and operational \'97 commercial front company registered","recruitment_targets":"Three viable candidates identified \'97 motivation and access profiles characterized","local_ci_assessment":"Local counter-intelligence capability assessed as LIMITED \'97 favorable operational environment"\},"isMultiPhase":false,"status":"INVESTIGATING","assignedInvDept":"HUMINT","invDaysLeft":2,"assignedBudget":0,"assignedExecDepts":[],"execDaysLeft":0,"successProb":0,"resultMsg":"","confDelta":0,"budgetDelta":0,"dayReceived":323,"phaseFalseFlag":false,"phaseFalseFlagText":"","phaseFalseFlagPenalty":false,"followUpSpawned":false,"suspects":[],"selectedSuspectIdx":null,"invDays":3,"execDays":5,"baseBudget":13,"invDepts":["ANALYSIS","HUMINT","SIGINT"],"execDepts":["FOREIGN_OPS","HUMINT"],"opNarrative":"Foreign Operations establishes a cover platform in Mexico City. HUMINT handlers identify and develop potential sources within the local intelligence, military, and political establishments. The recruitment cycle \'97 spot, assess, develop, recruit \'97 is executed methodically over the operational window. Supporting infrastructure (safe houses, dead drops, communications protocols) is established in parallel.","initialReport":"Latin America theater coverage deficient. Asset recruitment operation in Mexico City, Mexico will expand intelligence collection capability.","fullReport":"NETWORK EXPANSION BRIEF \'97 OP NOBLE INFERNO\\n\\nObjective: Establish human intelligence collection network in Mexico City, Mexico.\\n\\nTarget environment: Latin America theater. Current penetration: LOW.\\n\\nApproach: Cover platform establishment, source identification and recruitment, dead-drop and communications infrastructure.\\n\\nTimeline: 22 days. Budget: [budget_range].","successMsgs":["Network established. Three new sources recruited in \{city\}. Collection infrastructure operational. \{theater_name\} theater coverage significantly improved.","Operation complete. Source network in \{country\} is now active and producing. Dead-drop chain and secure communications established. Theater coverage upgraded.","Recruitment cycle successful. Multiple assets now reporting from \{city\}. Cover platforms secure. \{theater_name\} intelligence capability enhanced.","Network expansion achieved. New collection streams active in \{country\}. Safe house chain and exfiltration protocols in place. Coverage rating: ADEQUATE."],"failureMsgs":["Cover platform compromised in \{city\}. Lead recruiter identified by local CI. All assets burned. Network expansion failed.","Operation blown. Local security services arrested the principal agent in \{country\}. Recruitment program terminated. Coverage gap remains.","Source development unsuccessful. Target environment in \{city\} proved hostile. No viable assets recruited. \{theater_name\} coverage unchanged.","Cover story collapsed. Two officers detained briefly before diplomatic extraction. Network infrastructure abandoned. Operation failed."],"confSuccess":[2,5],"confFail":[-3,-6],"intelFields":[\{"key":"cover_status","label":"COVER PLATFORM","value":"Cover platform established and operational \'97 commercial front company registered","revealed":false\},\{"key":"recruitment_targets","label":"RECRUITMENT TARGETS","value":"Three viable candidates identified \'97 motivation and access profiles characterized","revealed":false\},\{"key":"local_ci_assessment","label":"LOCAL CI POSTURE","value":"Local counter-intelligence capability assessed as LIMITED \'97 favorable operational environment","revealed":false\}],"intelBonus":false,"blown":false,"blownDaysLeft":0,"lastInvOutcome":null,"agencyJustification":"SAA requires expanded human intelligence coverage in the Latin America theater. Current network penetration is insufficient for adequate threat detection and operational support. Authorization is requested for a clandestine recruitment and infrastructure development program in Mexico City, Mexico.","networkTheaterId":"LATIN_AMERICA"\},\{"id":"M125","typeId":"HVT_SURVEILLANCE_FOR","codename":"TITANIUM BEACON","threat":2,"label":"FOREIGN HVT SURVEILLANCE","category":"SURVEILLANCE OPS","location":"FOREIGN","city":"Bamako","country":"Mali","urgency":26,"urgencyLeft":22,"fillVars":\{"city":"Bamako","country":"Mali","codename":"TITANIUM BEACON","urgency_days":"26","agency":"SAA","leaderTitle":"the President","bureau_name":"BUREAU","agency_name":"AGENCY","military_name":"DIA","alias":"SOLSTICE","hvt_role":"financial facilitator","target_bg":"Subject responsible for financing multiple attacks against allied interests.","target_pattern":"Pattern partially mapped \'97 irregular schedule, but three fixed locations identified, gaps remain","contact_role":"an unidentified individual using counter-surveillance tradecraft","location_detail":"an unofficial safe house address","comm_device":"Communication method likely a burner device changed weekly \'97 not fully confirmed","movement_window":"a regular morning departure from the compound \'97 optimal window confirmed","counter_surv":"advanced \'97 professional security detail and SDR routine","contact_network":"an unidentified individual using counter-surveillance tradecraft \'97 confirmed contact, meeting pattern established","residence":"an unofficial safe house address in Kuala Lumpur \'97 confirmed by surveillance","target_alias":"SOLSTICE","suspect_name":"SOLSTICE","target_role":"financial facilitator","rendition_role":"financial facilitator"\},"isMultiPhase":false,"status":"INVESTIGATING","assignedInvDept":"FOREIGN_OPS","invDaysLeft":2,"assignedBudget":0,"assignedExecDepts":[],"execDaysLeft":0,"successProb":0,"resultMsg":"","confDelta":0,"budgetDelta":0,"dayReceived":320,"phaseFalseFlag":false,"phaseFalseFlagText":"","phaseFalseFlagPenalty":false,"followUpSpawned":false,"suspects":[\{"alias":"SOLSTICE","role":"financial facilitator","confidence":"HIGH","isTarget":true,"eliminated":false\}],"selectedSuspectIdx":0,"invDays":3,"execDays":6,"baseBudget":9,"invDepts":["FOREIGN_OPS","SIGINT","ANALYSIS"],"execDepts":["FOREIGN_OPS"],"opNarrative":"Foreign Operations deploys a small surveillance team to the target country under civilian or commercial cover. Local HUMINT assets support the effort. SIGINT passively monitors the digital footprint. The team maps the target's movements, residence, security detail, and contact network \'97 providing the intelligence foundation for a subsequent abduction or elimination operation.","initialReport":"Target SOLSTICE reportedly at an unofficial safe house address in Bamako. Foreign surveillance package to confirm and map operational picture.","fullReport":"SURVEILLANCE BRIEF \'97 OP TITANIUM BEACON\\n\\nTarget: SOLSTICE. Role: financial facilitator. Country: Mali.\\n\\nSubject responsible for financing multiple attacks against allied interests.\\n\\nSurveillance to establish: Pattern partially mapped \'97 irregular schedule, but three fixed locations identified, gaps remain, a regular morning departure from the compound \'97 optimal window confirmed, contact an unidentified individual using counter-surveillance tradecraft, Communication method likely a burner device changed weekly \'97 not fully confirmed. Counter-surv: advanced \'97 professional security detail and SDR routine. Window: 26 days.","successMsgs":["Foreign surveillance package successfully established. SOLSTICE tracked in Bamako. Residence confirmed: an unofficial safe house address. Pattern: Pattern partially mapped \'97 irregular schedule, but three fixed locations identified, gaps remain. Contact: an unidentified individual using counter-surveillance tradecraft. Abduction window identified: a regular morning departure from the compound \'97 optimal window confirmed. Security detail: advanced \'97 professional security detail and SDR routine.","Surveillance complete. Full pattern of life on SOLSTICE. Residence: an unofficial safe house address in Bamako. Comm: Communication method likely a burner device changed weekly \'97 not fully confirmed. Contact: an unidentified individual using counter-surveillance tradecraft. Optimal window: a regular morning departure from the compound \'97 optimal window confirmed. Target unaware.","SOLSTICE under full foreign surveillance in Mali. Pattern confirmed: Pattern partially mapped \'97 irregular schedule, but three fixed locations identified, gaps remain. Residence: an unofficial safe house address. Contact network and Communication method likely a burner device changed weekly \'97 not fully confirmed documented. Action window: a regular morning departure from the compound \'97 optimal window confirmed.","Foreign surveillance dossier assembled. SOLSTICE \'97 movements mapped, residence confirmed (an unofficial safe house address), contact an unidentified individual using counter-surveillance tradecraft identified. Rendition window: a regular morning departure from the compound \'97 optimal window confirmed. Counter-surv: advanced \'97 professional security detail and SDR routine.","Surveillance operation complete without compromise. SOLSTICE in Bamako. Full pattern mapped: Pattern partially mapped \'97 irregular schedule, but three fixed locations identified, gaps remain. Residence: an unofficial safe house address. Window: a regular morning departure from the compound \'97 optimal window confirmed. Contact: an unidentified individual using counter-surveillance tradecraft.","Target SOLSTICE under full surveillance in Mali. Residence: an unofficial safe house address. Pattern: Pattern partially mapped \'97 irregular schedule, but three fixed locations identified, gaps remain. Comm: Communication method likely a burner device changed weekly \'97 not fully confirmed. Contact: an unidentified individual using counter-surveillance tradecraft. Abduction window confirmed: a regular morning departure from the compound \'97 optimal window confirmed."],"failureMsgs":["Foreign surveillance detected. SOLSTICE performed counter-surveillance and identified our team. Target has increased security posture and may relocate.","Surveillance package blown in Mali. Local security services became aware of foreign presence. Team extracted. Target alerted.","SOLSTICE departed Bamako before full surveillance picture could be established. Target location in Mali now unknown.","Technical surveillance compromised. SOLSTICE switched devices and changed patterns. Operational picture incomplete.","Surveillance team identified by target security detail. SOLSTICE now aware of surveillance interest. Counter-measures in effect.","SIGINT support lost due to local jamming. SOLSTICE moved from known location. Surveillance picture partially degraded."],"confSuccess":[3,7],"confFail":[-6,-12],"intelFields":[\{"key":"target_pattern","label":"MOVEMENT PATTERN","value":"Pattern partially mapped \'97 irregular schedule, but three fixed locations identified, gaps remain","revealed":true\},\{"key":"contact_network","label":"CONTACT NETWORK","value":"an unidentified individual using counter-surveillance tradecraft \'97 confirmed contact, meeting pattern established","revealed":true\},\{"key":"residence","label":"RESIDENCE","value":"an unofficial safe house address in Bamako \'97 confirmed by surveillance","revealed":false\},\{"key":"comm_device","label":"COMMUNICATIONS","value":"Communication method likely a burner device changed weekly \'97 not fully confirmed","revealed":false\},\{"key":"movement_window","label":"ACTION WINDOW","value":"a regular morning departure from the compound \'97 optimal window confirmed","revealed":false\}],"intelBonus":false,"blown":false,"blownDaysLeft":0,"lastInvOutcome":"PARTIAL","agencyJustification":"The target is a high-value individual operating in a permissive but sensitive foreign environment. Direct action without surveillance preparation risks exposure and mission failure. A covert surveillance package will establish the pattern of life and operational window required to authorize a rendition or neutralization operation.","linkedHvtId":"H54"\},\{"id":"M124","typeId":"HVT_ABDUCTION_FOR","codename":"THORN BARRACUDA","threat":5,"label":"FOREIGN RENDITION","category":"RENDITION OPS","location":"FOREIGN","city":"Bamako","country":"Mali","urgency":11,"urgencyLeft":7,"fillVars":\{"city":"Bamako","country":"Mali","codename":"THORN BARRACUDA","urgency_days":"11","agency":"SAA","leaderTitle":"the President","bureau_name":"BUREAU","agency_name":"AGENCY","military_name":"DIA","alias":"CURARE","hvt_role":"communications handler","snatch_window":"a weekly supply run outside the compound perimeter \'97 confirmed by surveillance","security_detail":"Security estimated: moderate (6-man professional detail) \'97 confirmation incomplete","extraction_route":"Route planned: via commercial aviation under a sterile identity \'97 viability unconfirmed","transport_asset":"Transport: a diplomatic vehicle with cover documentation \'97 pre-positioning confirmation pending","location_detail":"a commercial premises used as operational cover","entry_route":"Entry route planned \'97 final clearance pending","target_alias":"CURARE","suspect_name":"CURARE","target_role":"communications handler","rendition_role":"communications handler"\},"isMultiPhase":false,"status":"READY","assignedInvDept":null,"invDaysLeft":0,"assignedBudget":0,"assignedExecDepts":[],"execDaysLeft":0,"successProb":0,"resultMsg":"","confDelta":0,"budgetDelta":0,"dayReceived":320,"phaseFalseFlag":false,"phaseFalseFlagText":"","phaseFalseFlagPenalty":false,"followUpSpawned":false,"suspects":[\{"alias":"CURARE","role":"communications handler","confidence":"HIGH","isTarget":true,"eliminated":false\}],"selectedSuspectIdx":0,"invDays":2,"execDays":3,"baseBudget":5,"invDepts":["FOREIGN_OPS","HUMINT"],"execDepts":["FOREIGN_OPS","SPECIAL_OPS"],"opNarrative":"A covert snatch team inserts under civilian cover. Foreign Operations finalizes the capture plan using surveillance intelligence. Special Operations executes the apprehension at the identified window \'97 silent, fast, no escalation. The target is moved through a pre-staged safe house chain and exfiltrated via a clandestine route to a secure detention facility outside the host country. Legal exposure: zero.","initialReport":"Foreign surveillance complete. CURARE (communications handler) action window confirmed in Bamako, Mali. Rendition team ready.","fullReport":"RENDITION BRIEF \'97 OP THORN BARRACUDA\\n\\nTarget: CURARE, communications handler. Location: Bamako, Mali.\\n\\nCapture window: a weekly supply run outside the compound perimeter \'97 confirmed by surveillance. Security: Security estimated: moderate (6-man professional detail) \'97 confirmation incomplete. Location: a commercial premises used as operational cover.\\n\\nExtraction: Route planned: via commercial aviation under a sterile identity \'97 viability unconfirmed. Transport: Transport: a diplomatic vehicle with cover documentation \'97 pre-positioning confirmation pending. Exfil to secure facility confirmed.","successMsgs":["Foreign rendition complete. CURARE captured at a weekly supply run outside the compound perimeter \'97 confirmed by surveillance in Bamako. Security Security estimated: moderate (6-man professional detail) \'97 confirmation incomplete managed without escalation. Extraction via Route planned: via commercial aviation under a sterile identity \'97 viability unconfirmed succeeded. Target in secure transit.","CURARE successfully renditioned from Mali. Snatch window used as planned. Extraction route Route planned: via commercial aviation under a sterile identity \'97 viability unconfirmed clean. Transport Transport: a diplomatic vehicle with cover documentation \'97 pre-positioning confirmation pending delivered target to secure facility.","Capture operation complete. CURARE (communications handler) taken at a commercial premises used as operational cover. Security: Security estimated: moderate (6-man professional detail) \'97 confirmation incomplete managed. Extraction: Route planned: via commercial aviation under a sterile identity \'97 viability unconfirmed. No attribution. Target in transit.","Rendition successful. CURARE taken from Bamako. Window: a weekly supply run outside the compound perimeter \'97 confirmed by surveillance. Security managed. Extraction Route planned: via commercial aviation under a sterile identity \'97 viability unconfirmed via Transport: a diplomatic vehicle with cover documentation \'97 pre-positioning confirmation pending. Zero attribution. Mali authorities unaware.","Foreign rendition complete. Target CURARE secured. Extraction from Mali successful via Route planned: via commercial aviation under a sterile identity \'97 viability unconfirmed. No witnesses, no trace, no attribution.","CURARE renditioned from a commercial premises used as operational cover in Bamako. Security: Security estimated: moderate (6-man professional detail) \'97 confirmation incomplete \'97 managed. Route: Route planned: via commercial aviation under a sterile identity \'97 viability unconfirmed. Transport: Transport: a diplomatic vehicle with cover documentation \'97 pre-positioning confirmation pending. Clean operation with full deniability."],"failureMsgs":["Rendition team compromised before execution. CURARE was warned and departed a commercial premises used as operational cover hours before the operation. Mali security forces may be aware.","Snatch attempt in Bamako failed. Security detail Security estimated: moderate (6-man professional detail) \'97 confirmation incomplete was larger than assessed. Team extracted under contact. CURARE is now aware of the threat.","CURARE was not at the planned location during the a weekly supply run outside the compound perimeter \'97 confirmed by surveillance. Target may have altered schedule. Foreign operation aborted.","Extraction route Route planned: via commercial aviation under a sterile identity \'97 viability unconfirmed was compromised. Team aborted capture. CURARE alerted and has increased security posture.","Snatch operation blown. Local security services were alerted before team could execute. CURARE now under protective security. International exposure risk elevated.","Team was identified on approach. Abort ordered. CURARE escaped. Mali authorities responding. Diplomatic exposure possible."],"confSuccess":[8,14],"confFail":[-12,-20],"intelFields":[\{"key":"snatch_window","label":"SNATCH WINDOW","value":"a weekly supply run outside the compound perimeter \'97 confirmed by surveillance","revealed":true\},\{"key":"entry_route","label":"ENTRY ROUTE","value":"Entry route planned \'97 final clearance pending","revealed":true\},\{"key":"security_detail","label":"SECURITY DETAIL","value":"Security estimated: moderate (6-man professional detail) \'97 confirmation incomplete","revealed":true\},\{"key":"extraction_route","label":"EXTRACTION ROUTE","value":"Route planned: via commercial aviation under a sterile identity \'97 viability unconfirmed","revealed":true\},\{"key":"transport_asset","label":"TRANSPORT ASSET","value":"Transport: a diplomatic vehicle with cover documentation \'97 pre-positioning confirmation pending","revealed":true\}],"intelBonus":true,"blown":false,"blownDaysLeft":0,"lastInvOutcome":"CRITICAL_SUCCESS","agencyJustification":"The target is operating in a country with no extradition arrangement and a hostile intelligence environment. Legal prosecution is not feasible. The target holds critical intelligence value that cannot be obtained through any other means. Rendition authority has been personally authorized by the President. SAA covert operations teams are the only instrument capable of executing this action with full deniability.","linkedHvtId":"H51","isAbduction":true\},\{"id":"M123","typeId":"HVT_ABDUCTION_DOM","codename":"CORAL BASTION","threat":5,"label":"HVT ABDUCTION","category":"RENDITION OPS","location":"DOMESTIC","city":"Seattle","country":"United States","urgency":9,"urgencyLeft":0,"fillVars":\{"city":"Seattle","country":"United States","codename":"CORAL BASTION","urgency_days":"9","agency":"SAA","leaderTitle":"the President","bureau_name":"BUREAU","agency_name":"AGENCY","military_name":"DIA","alias":"KINGPIN","hvt_role":"cell commander","snatch_window":"Possible window: a regular unaccompanied appointment \'97 timing not yet fully confirmed","security_detail":"moderate \'97 small personal security detail \'97 profile fully characterized","extraction_route":"through a sterile safe house chain \'97 confirmed and pre-staged","transport_asset":"Transport: an unmarked agency van \'97 confirmation pending","location_detail":"a residential address under surveillance","entry_route":"Entry route confirmed \'97 access plan finalized","target_alias":"KINGPIN","suspect_name":"KINGPIN","target_role":"cell commander","rendition_role":"cell commander"\},"isMultiPhase":false,"status":"EXECUTING","assignedInvDept":null,"invDaysLeft":0,"assignedBudget":5,"assignedExecDepts":["FIELD_OPS","SPECIAL_OPS","SIGINT","HUMINT","ANALYSIS","COUNTER_INTEL"],"execDaysLeft":4,"successProb":92,"resultMsg":"","confDelta":0,"budgetDelta":0,"dayReceived":315,"phaseFalseFlag":false,"phaseFalseFlagText":"","phaseFalseFlagPenalty":false,"followUpSpawned":false,"suspects":[\{"alias":"KINGPIN","role":"cell commander","confidence":"HIGH","isTarget":true,"eliminated":false\}],"selectedSuspectIdx":0,"invDays":3,"execDays":4,"baseBudget":8,"invDepts":["FIELD_OPS","HUMINT"],"execDepts":["FIELD_OPS","SPECIAL_OPS"],"opNarrative":"A snatch team deploys based on the established surveillance picture. Field Operations identifies the optimal window from the pattern-of-life data; Special Operations executes the capture at a moment of minimum security exposure. The target is taken silently \'97 no weapons discharge, no witnesses, no public trace. The extraction chain moves through pre-staged safe houses before reaching the secure detention facility.","initialReport":"Domestic rendition package assembled for KINGPIN. Surveillance phase complete. Authorization required for capture operation.","fullReport":"RENDITION BRIEF \'97 OP CORAL BASTION\\n\\nDomestic capture package for KINGPIN complete.\\n\\nCapture window: Possible window: a regular unaccompanied appointment \'97 timing not yet fully confirmed. Breach point: a residential address under surveillance. Security: moderate \'97 small personal security detail \'97 profile fully characterized.\\n\\nExtraction: through a sterile safe house chain \'97 confirmed and pre-staged via Transport: an unmarked agency van \'97 confirmation pending. Silence is the operational imperative.","successMsgs":["Abduction successful. KINGPIN taken at Possible window: a regular unaccompanied appointment \'97 timing not yet fully confirmed. Target incapacitated before any alarm was raised. Extraction via through a sterile safe house chain \'97 confirmed and pre-staged completed without incident. KINGPIN now in transit to secure detention facility.","KINGPIN captured and extracted. Snatch team encountered moderate \'97 small personal security detail \'97 profile fully characterized \'97 managed without incident. Extraction route through a sterile safe house chain \'97 confirmed and pre-staged clear. Transport: Transport: an unmarked agency van \'97 confirmation pending. Target in secure custody.","Rendition complete. KINGPIN detained at Possible window: a regular unaccompanied appointment \'97 timing not yet fully confirmed. Location: a residential address under surveillance. No public trace. Extraction via through a sterile safe house chain \'97 confirmed and pre-staged. Transport: an unmarked agency van \'97 confirmation pending delivered target to secure facility.","Domestic rendition successful. KINGPIN \'97 cell commander \'97 in secure custody. Capture window used effectively. No witnesses. Extraction through a sterile safe house chain \'97 confirmed and pre-staged completed cleanly.","Snatch operation complete. KINGPIN captured at a residential address under surveillance during Possible window: a regular unaccompanied appointment \'97 timing not yet fully confirmed. Security moderate \'97 small personal security detail \'97 profile fully characterized managed. Extraction through a sterile safe house chain \'97 confirmed and pre-staged \'97 clean and unattributed.","Target KINGPIN successfully renditioned. Security: moderate \'97 small personal security detail \'97 profile fully characterized. Window Possible window: a regular unaccompanied appointment \'97 timing not yet fully confirmed used as planned. Extracted via through a sterile safe house chain \'97 confirmed and pre-staged using Transport: an unmarked agency van \'97 confirmation pending. No public exposure."],"failureMsgs":["Abduction attempt failed. KINGPIN was not alone during the planned snatch window. Team aborted to avoid witnesses. Target is now aware of hostile interest.","Rendition compromised. moderate \'97 small personal security detail \'97 profile fully characterized proved more substantial than assessed. Team extracted under duress. KINGPIN has fled the area.","KINGPIN was not at a residential address under surveillance during the snatch window. Target appears to have altered routine. Opportunity lost.","Extraction route through a sterile safe house chain \'97 confirmed and pre-staged was compromised. Team aborted the operation. KINGPIN alerted. Cover may be blown.","Snatch attempt triggered a local police response before target was secured. Team broke off. KINGPIN has gone to ground.","Target KINGPIN conducted a counter-surveillance route that coincided with the planned snatch window. Operation aborted. KINGPIN location now unknown."],"confSuccess":[6,12],"confFail":[-10,-18],"intelFields":[\{"key":"snatch_window","label":"SNATCH WINDOW","value":"Possible window: a regular unaccompanied appointment \'97 timing not yet fully confirmed","revealed":true\},\{"key":"entry_route","label":"ENTRY ROUTE","value":"Entry route confirmed \'97 access plan finalized","revealed":true\},\{"key":"security_detail","label":"SECURITY DETAIL","value":"moderate \'97 small personal security detail \'97 profile fully characterized","revealed":true\},\{"key":"extraction_route","label":"EXTRACTION ROUTE","value":"through a sterile safe house chain \'97 confirmed and pre-staged","revealed":true\},\{"key":"transport_asset","label":"TRANSPORT ASSET","value":"Transport: an unmarked agency van \'97 confirmation pending","revealed":true\}],"intelBonus":false,"blown":false,"blownDaysLeft":0,"lastInvOutcome":"FAILURE","agencyJustification":"The target is a known threat actor operating on domestic soil with no prosecutable evidence trail. Formal arrest would expose classified source methods and trigger a legal challenge the prosecution cannot survive. SAA covert rendition authority permits detention outside the judicial system in cases where the intelligence value and operational necessity justify the action.","linkedHvtId":"H50","isAbduction":true,"attachedEliteIds":[],"agencySupport":[]\},\{"id":"M122","typeId":"FAVOR_BUREAU_DETENTION","codename":"CIPHER PINNACLE","threat":2,"label":"BUREAU FAVOR: DETENTION","category":"BUREAU FAVOR","location":"DOMESTIC","city":"Miami","country":"United States","urgency":11,"urgencyLeft":5,"fillVars":\{"city":"Miami","country":"United States","codename":"CIPHER PINNACLE","urgency_days":"11","agency":"SAA","leaderTitle":"the President","bureau_name":"BUREAU","agency_name":"AGENCY","military_name":"DIA","detention_subject":"TURNPIKE","subject_profile":"a technical witness who must be kept from foreign contact","bureau_case":"a domestic extremism network investigation","detention_reason":"witness protection measures require an off-books arrangement","subject_location":"TURNPIKE located in Miami \'97 address confirmed","detention_reason_fi":"Legal constraint: witness protection measures require an off-books arrangement \'97 details limited","hold_plan":"Covert lift plan confirmed \'97 pretext and hold location identified","bureau_link":"a domestic extremism network investigation \'97 BUREAU case linkage confirmed"\},"isMultiPhase":false,"status":"EXECUTING","assignedInvDept":null,"invDaysLeft":0,"assignedBudget":1,"assignedExecDepts":["FIELD_OPS","SIGINT","HUMINT","ANALYSIS","SPECIAL_OPS"],"execDaysLeft":1,"successProb":92,"resultMsg":"","confDelta":0,"budgetDelta":0,"dayReceived":315,"phaseFalseFlag":false,"phaseFalseFlagText":"","phaseFalseFlagPenalty":false,"followUpSpawned":false,"suspects":[],"selectedSuspectIdx":null,"invDays":3,"execDays":4,"baseBudget":3,"invDepts":["HUMINT","FIELD_OPS"],"execDepts":["FIELD_OPS"],"opNarrative":"Field Operations quietly lifts the subject from their current location using a cover pretext. The subject is held at a secure off-books location while BUREAU's informant program remains protected. No booking record, no official detention log. Duration of hold to be determined by BUREAU. All handled through a single cleared liaison channel.","initialReport":"BUREAU favor: detention of TURNPIKE without official processing. Informant program protection critical. Subject in Miami.","fullReport":"BUREAU DETENTION BRIEF \'97 OP CIPHER PINNACLE\\n\\nBUREAU favor: detention of TURNPIKE (a technical witness who must be kept from foreign contact).\\n\\nLocation: Miami. Case: a domestic extremism network investigation. Off-books reason: witness protection measures require an off-books arrangement.\\n\\nTarget to be lifted and held. No formal record. BUREAU controls outcome.","successMsgs":["\{bureau_name\} favor complete. \{detention_subject\} detained without official processing. Held at secure location. \{bureau_name\} liaison notified through back-channel. Sensitive informant program protected.","Detention operation successful. \{detention_subject\} quietly lifted and held. No official record created. \{bureau_name\} informed via secure channel. Favor fulfilled.","Covert detention of \{detention_subject\} complete. \{bureau_name\} informant program remains protected. Subject being transferred to \{bureau_name\} control via back-channel.","\{bureau_name\} detention favor fulfilled. \{detention_subject\} off the books and in secure hold. \{bureau_name\} liaison acknowledged. Relation improved.","Subject \{detention_subject\} detained cleanly. No trace, no official record. \{bureau_name\} case protected. Favor acknowledged by \{bureau_name\}.","Detention complete. \{detention_subject\} held off books as requested. \{bureau_name\} source network protected. Favor completed without compromise."],"failureMsgs":["Detention attempt failed. \{detention_subject\} resisted and created a public disturbance. Official police involvement. \{bureau_name\} case exposed.","Subject \{detention_subject\} was not at the expected location. Covert opportunity window closed. Favor not fulfilled.","Detention operation compromised. \{detention_subject\} was warned and is now in the wind. \{bureau_name\} source at risk.","Field team encountered unexpected witnesses during the lift. Operation aborted. \{detention_subject\} alerted. \{bureau_name\} disappointed.","Technical failure: surveillance on \{detention_subject\} lost before the detention window. Subject location unknown. Favor incomplete.","Detention blown. \{detention_subject\} invoked legal protections before the team could act. Official channels now involved. \{bureau_name\} exposure risk."],"confSuccess":[5,10],"confFail":[-6,-12],"intelFields":[\{"key":"subject_location","label":"SUBJECT LOCATION","value":"TURNPIKE located in Miami \'97 address confirmed","revealed":true\},\{"key":"detention_reason_fi","label":"LEGAL FRAMEWORK","value":"Legal constraint: witness protection measures require an off-books arrangement \'97 details limited","revealed":true\},\{"key":"hold_plan","label":"DETENTION PLAN","value":"Covert lift plan confirmed \'97 pretext and hold location identified","revealed":true\},\{"key":"bureau_link","label":"BUREAU CASE LINK","value":"a domestic extremism network investigation \'97 BUREAU case linkage confirmed","revealed":true\}],"intelBonus":false,"blown":false,"blownDaysLeft":0,"lastInvOutcome":"SUCCESS","agencyJustification":"BUREAU needs a material witness detained without formal booking. A sensitive informant program depends on this subject staying off the books. Standard detention channels create a record that would expose BUREAU's source. SAA covert detention authority provides the only mechanism that protects both the informant network and the ongoing operation.","favorOf":"BUREAU","favorAgencyName":"The Bureau (FBI)","attachedEliteIds":["EU10","EU2"],"agencySupport":[]\},\{"id":"M121","typeId":"HVT_SURVEILLANCE_FOR","codename":"OPAL SQUALL","threat":3,"label":"FOREIGN HVT SURVEILLANCE","category":"SURVEILLANCE OPS","location":"FOREIGN","city":"Bamako","country":"Mali","urgency":21,"urgencyLeft":18,"fillVars":\{"city":"Bamako","country":"Mali","codename":"OPAL SQUALL","urgency_days":"21","agency":"SAA","leaderTitle":"the President","bureau_name":"BUREAU","agency_name":"AGENCY","military_name":"DIA","alias":"CURARE","hvt_role":"communications handler","target_bg":"Subject responsible for financing multiple attacks against allied interests.","target_pattern":"Pattern partially mapped \'97 predictable daily route with consistent timing, gaps remain","contact_role":"a person with known connections to a hostile state embassy","location_detail":"a commercial premises used as a cover address","comm_device":"Communication method likely a diplomatic communication channel \'97 not fully confirmed","movement_window":"a recurring evening meeting at an isolated location \'97 optimal window confirmed","counter_surv":"basic \'97 occasional route variation","contact_network":"a person with known connections to a hostile state embassy \'97 confirmed contact, meeting pattern established","residence":"Probable residence: a commercial premises used as a cover address \'97 not yet confirmed","target_alias":"CURARE","suspect_name":"CURARE","target_role":"communications handler","rendition_role":"communications handler"\},"isMultiPhase":false,"status":"ARCHIVED","assignedInvDept":null,"invDaysLeft":0,"assignedBudget":5,"assignedExecDepts":["FOREIGN_OPS","ANALYSIS","HUMINT","SIGINT"],"execDaysLeft":0,"successProb":85,"resultMsg":"CURARE under full foreign surveillance in Mali. Pattern confirmed: Pattern partially mapped \'97 predictable daily route with consistent timing, gaps remain. Residence: a commercial premises used as a cover address. Contact network and Communication method likely a diplomatic communication channel \'97 not fully confirmed documented. Action window: a recurring evening meeting at an isolated location \'97 optimal window confirmed.","confDelta":7,"budgetDelta":0,"dayReceived":312,"phaseFalseFlag":false,"phaseFalseFlagText":"","phaseFalseFlagPenalty":false,"followUpSpawned":false,"suspects":[\{"alias":"CURARE","role":"communications handler","confidence":"HIGH","isTarget":true,"eliminated":false\}],"selectedSuspectIdx":0,"invDays":3,"execDays":5,"baseBudget":7,"invDepts":["FOREIGN_OPS","SIGINT","ANALYSIS"],"execDepts":["FOREIGN_OPS"],"opNarrative":"Foreign Operations deploys a small surveillance team to the target country under civilian or commercial cover. Local HUMINT assets support the effort. SIGINT passively monitors the digital footprint. The team maps the target's movements, residence, security detail, and contact network \'97 providing the intelligence foundation for a subsequent abduction or elimination operation.","initialReport":"Foreign HVT CURARE (communications handler) reported in Mali. Surveillance to establish action window before target relocates.","fullReport":"SURVEILLANCE BRIEF \'97 OP OPAL SQUALL\\n\\nTarget: CURARE. Role: communications handler. Country: Mali.\\n\\nSubject responsible for financing multiple attacks against allied interests.\\n\\nSurveillance to establish: Pattern partially mapped \'97 predictable daily route with consistent timing, gaps remain, a recurring evening meeting at an isolated location \'97 optimal window confirmed, contact a person with known connections to a hostile state embassy, Communication method likely a diplomatic communication channel \'97 not fully confirmed. Counter-surv: basic \'97 occasional route variation. Window: 21 days.","successMsgs":["Foreign surveillance package successfully established. CURARE tracked in Bamako. Residence confirmed: a commercial premises used as a cover address. Pattern: Pattern partially mapped \'97 predictable daily route with consistent timing, gaps remain. Contact: a person with known connections to a hostile state embassy. Abduction window identified: a recurring evening meeting at an isolated location \'97 optimal window confirmed. Security detail: basic \'97 occasional route variation.","Surveillance complete. Full pattern of life on CURARE. Residence: a commercial premises used as a cover address in Bamako. Comm: Communication method likely a diplomatic communication channel \'97 not fully confirmed. Contact: a person with known connections to a hostile state embassy. Optimal window: a recurring evening meeting at an isolated location \'97 optimal window confirmed. Target unaware.","CURARE under full foreign surveillance in Mali. Pattern confirmed: Pattern partially mapped \'97 predictable daily route with consistent timing, gaps remain. Residence: a commercial premises used as a cover address. Contact network and Communication method likely a diplomatic communication channel \'97 not fully confirmed documented. Action window: a recurring evening meeting at an isolated location \'97 optimal window confirmed.","Foreign surveillance dossier assembled. CURARE \'97 movements mapped, residence confirmed (a commercial premises used as a cover address), contact a person with known connections to a hostile state embassy identified. Rendition window: a recurring evening meeting at an isolated location \'97 optimal window confirmed. Counter-surv: basic \'97 occasional route variation.","Surveillance operation complete without compromise. CURARE in Bamako. Full pattern mapped: Pattern partially mapped \'97 predictable daily route with consistent timing, gaps remain. Residence: a commercial premises used as a cover address. Window: a recurring evening meeting at an isolated location \'97 optimal window confirmed. Contact: a person with known connections to a hostile state embassy.","Target CURARE under full surveillance in Mali. Residence: a commercial premises used as a cover address. Pattern: Pattern partially mapped \'97 predictable daily route with consistent timing, gaps remain. Comm: Communication method likely a diplomatic communication channel \'97 not fully confirmed. Contact: a person with known connections to a hostile state embassy. Abduction window confirmed: a recurring evening meeting at an isolated location \'97 optimal window confirmed."],"failureMsgs":["Foreign surveillance detected. CURARE performed counter-surveillance and identified our team. Target has increased security posture and may relocate.","Surveillance package blown in Mali. Local security services became aware of foreign presence. Team extracted. Target alerted.","CURARE departed Bamako before full surveillance picture could be established. Target location in Mali now unknown.","Technical surveillance compromised. CURARE switched devices and changed patterns. Operational picture incomplete.","Surveillance team identified by target security detail. CURARE now aware of surveillance interest. Counter-measures in effect.","SIGINT support lost due to local jamming. CURARE moved from known location. Surveillance picture partially degraded."],"confSuccess":[3,7],"confFail":[-6,-12],"intelFields":[\{"key":"target_pattern","label":"MOVEMENT PATTERN","value":"Pattern partially mapped \'97 predictable daily route with consistent timing, gaps remain","revealed":true\},\{"key":"contact_network","label":"CONTACT NETWORK","value":"a person with known connections to a hostile state embassy \'97 confirmed contact, meeting pattern established","revealed":true\},\{"key":"residence","label":"RESIDENCE","value":"Probable residence: a commercial premises used as a cover address \'97 not yet confirmed","revealed":true\},\{"key":"comm_device","label":"COMMUNICATIONS","value":"Communication method likely a diplomatic communication channel \'97 not fully confirmed","revealed":true\},\{"key":"movement_window","label":"ACTION WINDOW","value":"a recurring evening meeting at an isolated location \'97 optimal window confirmed","revealed":true\}],"intelBonus":true,"blown":false,"blownDaysLeft":0,"lastInvOutcome":"CRITICAL_SUCCESS","agencyJustification":"The target is a high-value individual operating in a permissive but sensitive foreign environment. Direct action without surveillance preparation risks exposure and mission failure. A covert surveillance package will establish the pattern of life and operational window required to authorize a rendition or neutralization operation.","linkedHvtId":"H51","attachedEliteIds":[],"agencySupport":[],"debriefHtml":"<div class=\\"db-wrap db-success\\"><div class=\\"db-toggle\\" onclick=\\"this.parentElement.classList.toggle('db-open')\\"><span class=\\"db-toggle-arrow\\">&#9654;</span><span class=\\"db-toggle-label\\">FULL OPERATIONAL DEBRIEF</span></div><div class=\\"db-body\\"><div class=\\"db-classification\\">TOP SECRET // SCI</div><div class=\\"db-title\\">AFTER-ACTION REPORT</div><div class=\\"db-subtitle\\">OP OPAL SQUALL \'97 OBJECTIVES ACHIEVED</div><div class=\\"db-section-title\\">DEPLOYED ASSETS</div><div class=\\"db-assets\\"><div class=\\"db-asset-row\\"><span class=\\"db-asset-dept\\">FOREIGN OPS</span><span class=\\"db-asset-type\\">cell \'97 PRIMARY</span></div><div class=\\"db-asset-row\\"><span class=\\"db-asset-dept\\">ANALYSIS</span><span class=\\"db-asset-type\\">desk \'97 SUPPORT</span></div><div class=\\"db-asset-row\\"><span class=\\"db-asset-dept\\">HUMINT</span><span class=\\"db-asset-type\\">handler \'97 SUPPORT</span></div><div class=\\"db-asset-row\\"><span class=\\"db-asset-dept\\">SIGINT</span><span class=\\"db-asset-type\\">intercept team \'97 SUPPORT</span></div></div><div class=\\"db-meta\\">Budget committed: $5M \'b7 Pre-operation success assessment: 85%</div><div class=\\"db-section-title\\">OPERATION TIMELINE</div><div class=\\"db-day\\">16 NOV 2025</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0950Z</span> Surveillance operation initiated. FOREIGN OPS/ANALYSIS/HUMINT/SIGINT deployed observation teams to Bamako.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">1005Z</span> Primary observation post established at an elevated position 371m from target's known location.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">1135Z</span> SIGINT coverage initiated: email and messaging accounts under passive collection.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">1215Z</span> Technical surveillance device emplaced: covert camera covering building entrance.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-day\\">17 NOV 2025</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0615Z</span> Day 2 surveillance log: Target deviated from routine \'97 visited an unfamiliar address for 35 minutes. Address logged for investigation.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0725Z</span> Target conducted what appears to be a counter-surveillance run \'97 drove an evasive route for 26 minutes before returning to routine. Our team was NOT detected.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-day\\">18 NOV 2025</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0910Z</span> Day 3 surveillance log: Target remained at primary location all day. 15 phone calls intercepted.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">1205Z</span> Target conducted what appears to be a counter-surveillance run \'97 drove an evasive route for 31 minutes before returning to routine. Our team was NOT detected.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-day\\">19 NOV 2025</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0630Z</span> Day 4 surveillance log: Target traveled to 3 locations. All documented with photo/video evidence.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0755Z</span> Associate identified: a diplomatic figure from a neutral nation.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-day\\">21 NOV 2025</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0900Z</span> Final collection day. All remaining intelligence gaps addressed.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">1135Z</span> Surveillance package withdrawn. Observation posts sanitized \'97 no forensic evidence of our presence.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">1445Z</span> Final intelligence package compiled: 44 pages of analysis, 198 photographs, 33 communications intercepts, and complete pattern-of-life documentation.</div><div class=\\"db-section-title\\">ASSESSMENT</div><div class=\\"db-assessment\\">Extended surveillance of CURARE in Bamako has been completed. FOREIGN OPS cell, ANALYSIS desk, HUMINT handler, SIGINT intercept team maintained covert observation for 5 days without detection. Key products: complete pattern of life, 5 safe house locations, 6 associate identities, communications patterns mapped, and security detail assessment (4 personnel). This intelligence package enables high-confidence direct-action planning against the target.</div></div></div>","archivedDay":320\},\{"id":"M120","typeId":"DOMESTIC_TERROR","codename":"JADE TIDE","threat":5,"label":"DOMESTIC THREAT","category":"COUNTER-TERRORISM","location":"DOMESTIC","city":"Seattle","country":"United States","urgency":10,"urgencyLeft":8,"fillVars":\{"city":"Seattle","country":"United States","codename":"JADE TIDE","urgency_days":"10","agency":"SAA","leaderTitle":"the President","bureau_name":"BUREAU","agency_name":"AGENCY","military_name":"DIA","group":"a hardline Islamist cell","attack_type":"a hostage-taking event","target":"a sports stadium","alias":"COBRA","cell_size":"2","casualties":"7","reliability":"MODERATE-HIGH","cell_location":"Approximate \'97 Seattle district, exact address pending","cell_leader":"Alias \\"COBRA\\" \'97 identity unverified, single-source","attack_vector":"a hostage-taking event \'97 delivery method confirmed by HUMINT","attack_timeline":"Timeline unclear \'97 estimated within 10 days, low confidence","arms_status":"Weapons acquisition complete \'97 ready to deploy"\},"isMultiPhase":false,"status":"ARCHIVED","assignedInvDept":null,"invDaysLeft":0,"assignedBudget":2,"assignedExecDepts":["FIELD_OPS","SPECIAL_OPS","HUMINT","SIGINT","COUNTER_INTEL"],"execDaysLeft":0,"successProb":92,"resultMsg":"Operation complete. \\"COBRA\\" captured. 2 associates detained. a hostage-taking event capability seized and destroyed.\\n\\nThe attack had been weeks in planning. Disruption at this stage prevents significant casualties.","confDelta":16,"budgetDelta":0,"dayReceived":311,"phaseFalseFlag":false,"phaseFalseFlagText":"","phaseFalseFlagPenalty":false,"followUpSpawned":false,"suspects":[\{"alias":"WOLF","role":"recruitment officer","confidence":"HIGH","isTarget":true,"eliminated":false\}],"selectedSuspectIdx":0,"invDays":2,"execDays":2,"baseBudget":4,"invDepts":["ANALYSIS","HUMINT","SIGINT","FIELD_OPS"],"execDepts":["FIELD_OPS","SPECIAL_OPS"],"opNarrative":"Field teams establish a tactical perimeter and move to neutralize the cell. HUMINT assets provide real-time target guidance while SIGINT intercepts communications. Special Operations holds in reserve for direct-action if the cell is armed. A simultaneous multi-point breach minimizes the risk of suspects fleeing.","initialReport":"Anonymous tip forwarded by Seattle metro police: suspicious activity consistent with a hostage-taking event preparation near a sports stadium.","fullReport":"INTELLIGENCE BRIEF \'97 OP JADE TIDE\\n\\nConfirmed: a hardline Islamist cell planning a hostage-taking event. Primary target: a sports stadium.\\n\\nHUMINT places cell leader (COBRA) in Seattle. Cell size: 2. Weapons acquisition believed complete.\\n\\nThreat level: CRITICAL. Time-sensitive. Recommend field neutralization.","successMsgs":["Cell neutralized. \{cell_size\} suspects detained. Materials seized. Planned attack against \{target\} prevented. No civilian casualties.\\n\\nPost-operation assessment confirms the cell was days from executing. HUMINT source proved reliable throughout.","Operation successful. \\"\{alias\}\\" and \{cell_size\} operatives apprehended. \{attack_type\} threat eliminated.\\n\\nFull debriefing of the cell leader is underway. Early indications suggest the cell had foreign logistical support.","Cell dismantled. Attack on \{target\} prevented. \{cell_size\} suspects in custody, materials secured.\\n\\nForensic teams are exploiting seized devices. Preliminary review suggests links to other domestic networks.","Operation complete. \\"\{alias\}\\" captured. \{cell_size\} associates detained. \{attack_type\} capability seized and destroyed.\\n\\nThe attack had been weeks in planning. Disruption at this stage prevents significant casualties."],"failureMsgs":["Operation blown. Cell received advance warning and dispersed. \{attack_type\} against \{target\} proceeded \'97 \{casualties\} casualties reported.\\n\\nThe source of the operational leak is under investigation. The cell leader \\"\{alias\}\\" remains at large.","Insufficient intelligence led to premature deployment. Field teams arrived post-event. \{casualties\} casualties. Cell leader \\"\{alias\}\\" remains at large.","Raid failed to locate cell. \\"\{alias\}\\" had already relocated. \{attack_type\} threat remains active.\\n\\n\{casualties\} casualties confirmed. Security review of the intelligence chain initiated.","Deployment compromised. Cell was warned. \\"\{alias\}\\" and associates scattered across the region.\\n\\nThe attack on \{target\} may still be active. Counter-terrorism units placed on heightened readiness."],"confSuccess":[10,18],"confFail":[-18,-30],"intelFields":[\{"key":"cell_location","label":"CELL LOCATION","value":"Approximate \'97 Seattle district, exact address pending","revealed":true\},\{"key":"cell_leader","label":"CELL LEADER IDENTITY","value":"Alias \\"COBRA\\" \'97 identity unverified, single-source","revealed":true\},\{"key":"attack_vector","label":"ATTACK METHOD","value":"a hostage-taking event \'97 delivery method confirmed by HUMINT","revealed":true\},\{"key":"attack_timeline","label":"OPERATIONAL TIMELINE","value":"Timeline unclear \'97 estimated within 10 days, low confidence","revealed":true\},\{"key":"arms_status","label":"WEAPONS STATUS","value":"Weapons acquisition complete \'97 ready to deploy","revealed":true\}],"intelBonus":true,"blown":false,"blownDaysLeft":0,"lastInvOutcome":"CRITICAL_SUCCESS","agencyJustification":"The source intelligence is derived from a classified SIGINT program unavailable to law enforcement counterparts. Executive authority under covert actions legislation permits direct action outside normal judicial channels. SAA maintains the operational deniability that a standard arrest cannot provide.","geoEventId":"GE11","attachedEliteIds":["EU2"],"agencySupport":[],"debriefHtml":"<div class=\\"db-wrap db-success\\"><div class=\\"db-toggle\\" onclick=\\"this.parentElement.classList.toggle('db-open')\\"><span class=\\"db-toggle-arrow\\">&#9654;</span><span class=\\"db-toggle-label\\">FULL OPERATIONAL DEBRIEF</span></div><div class=\\"db-body\\"><div class=\\"db-classification\\">TOP SECRET // SCI</div><div class=\\"db-title\\">AFTER-ACTION REPORT</div><div class=\\"db-subtitle\\">OP JADE TIDE \'97 OBJECTIVES ACHIEVED</div><div class=\\"db-section-title\\">DEPLOYED ASSETS</div><div class=\\"db-assets\\"><div class=\\"db-asset-row\\"><span class=\\"db-asset-dept\\">FIELD OPS</span><span class=\\"db-asset-type\\">field team \'97 PRIMARY</span></div><div class=\\"db-asset-row\\"><span class=\\"db-asset-dept\\">SPECIAL OPS</span><span class=\\"db-asset-type\\">strike unit \'97 PRIMARY</span></div><div class=\\"db-asset-row\\"><span class=\\"db-asset-dept\\">HUMINT</span><span class=\\"db-asset-type\\">handler \'97 SUPPORT</span></div><div class=\\"db-asset-row\\"><span class=\\"db-asset-dept\\">SIGINT</span><span class=\\"db-asset-type\\">intercept team \'97 SUPPORT</span></div><div class=\\"db-asset-row\\"><span class=\\"db-asset-dept\\">COUNTER-INTEL</span><span class=\\"db-asset-type\\">officer \'97 PRIMARY</span></div><div class=\\"db-asset-row db-asset-elite\\"><span class=\\"db-asset-dept\\">Element RAPTOR \u9733 </span><span class=\\"db-asset-type\\">Special Activities \'97 ELITE</span></div></div><div class=\\"db-meta\\">Budget committed: $2M \'b7 Pre-operation success assessment: 92%</div><div class=\\"db-section-title\\">OPERATION TIMELINE</div><div class=\\"db-day\\">14 NOV 2025</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0700Z</span> STILETTO team assembled at forward staging area. Operational briefing conducted by FIELD OPS/SPECIAL OPS/HUMINT/SIGINT/COUNTER-INTEL command element. Weather assessment: Cold front moving through, variable conditions.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0805Z</span> Advance reconnaissance team deployed to Seattle. Confirmed target building visual. Building is a two-story residential structure.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">1100Z</span> SIGINT intercept team established electronic surveillance perimeter. All target communications monitored in real-time. 5 active devices detected within the target structure.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">1220Z</span> Surveillance team (SHADOW) reported 2 individuals observed entering the building over a 5-hour period. Pattern consistent with cell meeting.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">1510Z</span> SPECIAL OPS element confirmed no counter-surveillance activity detected around the target area. Approach routes validated.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-day\\">15 NOV 2025</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0430Z</span> Final intelligence update received. All 2 subjects confirmed present at target location. GO authorization received from Director.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0508Z</span> STILETTO assault element departed staging area. 4 vehicles in convoy. Radio silence enforced. ETA to target: 10 minutes.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0540Z</span> HUMINT source confirmed target disposition 55 minutes before H-hour, enabling final GO decision.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0549Z</span> SIGINT jammed hostile communications on the field commander's order during the final phase.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0559Z</span> Outer cordon established by FIELD OPS team. 6 positions covering all egress points. Local law enforcement discreetly diverted from the area of operations.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0608Z</span> Element RAPTOR led the primary assault element to breach point. Final equipment check completed. Weapons status confirmed.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0619Z</span> H-HOUR. Breach initiated via ladder assault to second-floor windows. No armed resistance. Two subjects were non-compliant but were subdued with non-lethal force. Entry to target achieved in under 10 seconds.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0624Z</span> Ground floor cleared. 2 subjects detained in the main room. Element RAPTOR personally secured \\"COBRA\\" who was found attempting to reach a weapon.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0630Z</span> Building fully cleared room by room. Total subjects detained: 2. No injuries to any personnel or subjects.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0638Z</span> Sensitive site exploitation team entered the building. Evidence recovery initiated. Items catalogued on-site include: hard drives containing operational planning documents. Additionally recovered: USB drives with encrypted files and correspondence.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0647Z</span> All 2 detainees processed, photographed, and biometrically registered. \\"COBRA\\" positively identified via facial recognition database match. Transport to secure holding facility arranged.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0659Z</span> Area of operations fully sanitized. No forensic evidence of agency involvement left on-site. STILETTO team and all support elements returned to base. Operation concluded.</div><div class=\\"db-section-title\\">ASSESSMENT</div><div class=\\"db-assessment\\">The operation against the a hardline Islamist cell cell in Seattle achieved all objectives. The planned a hostage-taking event against a sports stadium has been permanently disrupted. 2 operatives are in custody, including cell leader \\"COBRA\\". Intelligence exploitation of seized materials is the immediate priority \'97 hard drives containing operational planning documents are expected to yield significant insights into the wider network. Element RAPTOR performance during the breach phase was exemplary and directly contributed to the rapid, non-lethal subduing of the primary target. Operational security was maintained throughout. No media or public awareness of the operation has been detected. FIELD OPS/SPECIAL OPS/HUMINT/SIGINT/COUNTER-INTEL coordination rated EXCELLENT. Recommend commendation for STILETTO team leader.</div></div></div>","archivedDay":315\},\{"id":"M119","typeId":"FAVOR_AGENCY_RENDITION","codename":"THORN BASTION","threat":5,"label":"AGENCY FAVOR: RENDITION","category":"AGENCY FAVOR","location":"FOREIGN","city":"Addis Ababa","country":"Ethiopia","urgency":10,"urgencyLeft":2,"fillVars":\{"city":"Addis Ababa","country":"Ethiopia","codename":"THORN BASTION","urgency_days":"10","agency":"SAA","leaderTitle":"the President","bureau_name":"BUREAU","agency_name":"AGENCY","military_name":"DIA","alias":"BASILISK","rendition_role":"a senior network coordinator","agency_case":"a sanctions-busting procurement network takedown","diplomatic_constraint":"subject's country of origin would invoke diplomatic immunity","rendition_outcome":"Significant intelligence value extracted.","target_location_a":"BASILISK in Addis Ababa area \'97 AGENCY location unconfirmed at street level","capture_window_a":"Window estimated: 10 days \'97 AGENCY assessment","agency_support_fi":"AGENCY station support limited \'97 operation largely independent","diplomatic_field":"Diplomatic constraint: subject's country of origin would invoke diplomatic immunity \'97 details limited"\},"isMultiPhase":false,"status":"ARCHIVED","assignedInvDept":null,"invDaysLeft":0,"assignedBudget":4,"assignedExecDepts":["FOREIGN_OPS","SPECIAL_OPS","SIGINT","HUMINT","ANALYSIS"],"execDaysLeft":0,"successProb":92,"resultMsg":"Rendition operation complete. BASILISK in AGENCY custody. Significant intelligence value extracted.. Diplomatic constraint bypassed without incident.","confDelta":8,"budgetDelta":0,"dayReceived":305,"phaseFalseFlag":false,"phaseFalseFlagText":"","phaseFalseFlagPenalty":false,"followUpSpawned":false,"suspects":[],"selectedSuspectIdx":null,"invDays":4,"execDays":2,"baseBudget":8,"invDepts":["FOREIGN_OPS","HUMINT","SIGINT"],"execDepts":["FOREIGN_OPS","SPECIAL_OPS"],"opNarrative":"An AGENCY-supported snatch operation deploys through covert channels. Foreign Operations handles the capture while AGENCY personnel provide intelligence support from in-country station resources. The target is rendered through an AGENCY-managed exfil chain to a secure processing facility. SAA's role remains invisible \'97 AGENCY takes credit, and remembers the assist.","initialReport":"AGENCY has identified a high-value rendition target in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia. They need a capture team they can maintain deniability from. They're asking for us.","fullReport":"AGENCY RENDITION BRIEF \'97 OP THORN BASTION\\n\\nBASILISK (a senior network coordinator) \'97 Ethiopia rendition requested by AGENCY.\\n\\nCase: a sanctions-busting procurement network takedown. Constraint: subject's country of origin would invoke diplomatic immunity.\\n\\nAGENCY intel support provided. Our teams execute. Extraction via AGENCY-managed chain. Favor to be acknowledged.","successMsgs":["\{agency_name\} rendition favor complete. \{alias\} captured and delivered through \{agency_name\} chain. \{rendition_outcome\}. \{agency_name\} has confirmed receipt and noted the favor.","Rendition successful. \{alias\} (\{rendition_role\}) rendered from \{country\}. \{rendition_outcome\}. \{agency_name\} liaison acknowledged the assist \'97 relation improved.","Favor fulfilled. \{alias\} taken from \{city\} and passed to \{agency_name\} custody. \{rendition_outcome\}. \{agency_name\} will remember this.","\{agency_name\} favor complete. \{alias\} successfully rendered. \{rendition_outcome\}. \{agency_name\} relation strengthened. Back-channel acknowledgement received.","Rendition operation complete. \{alias\} in \{agency_name\} custody. \{rendition_outcome\}. Diplomatic constraint bypassed without incident.","\{agency_name\} favor fulfilled. \{alias\} \'97 \{rendition_role\} \'97 rendered and processed. \{rendition_outcome\}. \{agency_name\} relation payoff confirmed."],"failureMsgs":["Rendition failed. \{alias\} was not at the confirmed location. \{agency_name\} disappointed. Diplomatic window may have already closed.","Capture team compromised. \{alias\} fled before the operation could execute. \{country\} security forces responding. \{agency_name\} favor not fulfilled.","\{agency_name\} rendition blown. \{alias\} apparently had advance warning. Operation aborted. \{agency_name\} relation strained.","\{alias\} invoked diplomatic protection before capture could be executed. Legal complications triggered. \{agency_name\} favor incomplete.","Rendition window closed before team could act. \{alias\} departed \{country\}. \{agency_name\} favor not delivered.","Operation compromised by unknown source. \{alias\} warned and evacuated. \{agency_name\} disappointed. Investigation into leak ordered."],"confSuccess":[7,13],"confFail":[-8,-16],"intelFields":[\{"key":"target_location_a","label":"TARGET LOCATION","value":"BASILISK in Addis Ababa area \'97 AGENCY location unconfirmed at street level","revealed":true\},\{"key":"capture_window_a","label":"CAPTURE WINDOW","value":"Window estimated: 10 days \'97 AGENCY assessment","revealed":true\},\{"key":"agency_support_fi","label":"AGENCY SUPPORT","value":"AGENCY station support limited \'97 operation largely independent","revealed":true\},\{"key":"diplomatic_field","label":"DIPLOMATIC STATUS","value":"Diplomatic constraint: subject's country of origin would invoke diplomatic immunity \'97 details limited","revealed":false\}],"intelBonus":false,"blown":false,"blownDaysLeft":0,"lastInvOutcome":"PARTIAL","agencyJustification":"AGENCY requires a high-priority subject rendered and processed before diplomatic complications arise. Subject holds diplomatic-adjacent cover that legal proceedings cannot pierce. SAA covert rendition capability is the only instrument that can execute this capture within the operational window without triggering the diplomatic protections the subject would invoke.","favorOf":"AGENCY","favorAgencyName":"The Agency (CIA)","attachedEliteIds":["EU7"],"agencySupport":[],"debriefHtml":"<div class=\\"db-wrap db-success\\"><div class=\\"db-toggle\\" onclick=\\"this.parentElement.classList.toggle('db-open')\\"><span class=\\"db-toggle-arrow\\">&#9654;</span><span class=\\"db-toggle-label\\">FULL OPERATIONAL DEBRIEF</span></div><div class=\\"db-body\\"><div class=\\"db-classification\\">TOP SECRET // ORCON</div><div class=\\"db-title\\">AFTER-ACTION REPORT</div><div class=\\"db-subtitle\\">OP THORN BASTION \'97 OBJECTIVES ACHIEVED</div><div class=\\"db-section-title\\">DEPLOYED ASSETS</div><div class=\\"db-assets\\"><div class=\\"db-asset-row\\"><span class=\\"db-asset-dept\\">FOREIGN OPS</span><span class=\\"db-asset-type\\">cell \'97 PRIMARY</span></div><div class=\\"db-asset-row\\"><span class=\\"db-asset-dept\\">SPECIAL OPS</span><span class=\\"db-asset-type\\">strike unit \'97 PRIMARY</span></div><div class=\\"db-asset-row\\"><span class=\\"db-asset-dept\\">SIGINT</span><span class=\\"db-asset-type\\">intercept team \'97 SUPPORT</span></div><div class=\\"db-asset-row\\"><span class=\\"db-asset-dept\\">HUMINT</span><span class=\\"db-asset-type\\">handler \'97 SUPPORT</span></div><div class=\\"db-asset-row\\"><span class=\\"db-asset-dept\\">ANALYSIS</span><span class=\\"db-asset-type\\">desk \'97 SUPPORT</span></div><div class=\\"db-asset-row db-asset-elite\\"><span class=\\"db-asset-dept\\">Station FREQUENCY \u9733 </span><span class=\\"db-asset-type\\">Signals Intelligence \'97 ELITE</span></div></div><div class=\\"db-meta\\">Budget committed: $4M \'b7 Pre-operation success assessment: 92%</div><div class=\\"db-section-title\\">OPERATION TIMELINE</div><div class=\\"db-day\\">14 NOV 2025</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0645Z</span> The Agency (CIA) rendition request received. Target: BASILISK in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0805Z</span> FOREIGN OPS/SPECIAL OPS/SIGINT/HUMINT/ANALYSIS rendition team assembled. ECHO designated as acquisition lead. Target pattern of life reviewed \'97 acquisition window identified.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">1130Z</span> Specialized equipment staged: false identity documents.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">1450Z</span> Station FREQUENCY established overwatch from the operations center. Assigned: communications monitoring and early warning.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-day\\">16 NOV 2025</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0315Z</span> Final confirmation: target following predicted routine. ECHO team deployed to acquisition point. Heavy cloud cover, no moonlight.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0354Z</span> Acquisition executed at the parking structure beneath target's office. Target intercepted exiting a vehicle. Secured within seconds.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0429Z</span> SIGINT provided real-time electronic surveillance \'97 scanning radio frequencies and phone networks in the target area.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0439Z</span> HUMINT source confirmed target disposition 30 minutes before H-hour, enabling final GO decision.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0445Z</span> ANALYSIS ran continuous risk modeling throughout the operation, flagging anomalies to the field commander.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0450Z</span> Counter-surveillance confirmed: acquisition was clean. Target's phone placed in Faraday bag.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0456Z</span> Target transported to a regional airstrip. Handoff to The Agency (CIA) completed. Chain of custody documented.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0517Z</span> All FOREIGN OPS/SPECIAL OPS/SIGINT/HUMINT/ANALYSIS elements extracted. Operational sites sanitized.</div><div class=\\"db-section-title\\">ASSESSMENT</div><div class=\\"db-assessment\\">Target BASILISK has been successfully rendered from Addis Ababa per The Agency (CIA) request. Acquisition was clean \'97 no witnesses, no compromise, no attribution. Station FREQUENCY provided continuous communications monitoring \'97 no alerts triggered during the operation. Target is now in The Agency (CIA) custody. This successful rendition strengthens the inter-agency relationship.</div></div></div>","archivedDay":315\},\{"id":"M118","typeId":"COUNTER_INTEL","codename":"BROKEN DAGGER","threat":2,"label":"COUNTER-INTEL","category":"INTERNAL SECURITY","location":"DOMESTIC","city":"Boston","country":"United States","urgency":28,"urgencyLeft":10,"fillVars":\{"city":"Boston","country":"United States","codename":"BROKEN DAGGER","urgency_days":"28","agency":"SAA","leaderTitle":"the President","bureau_name":"BUREAU","agency_name":"AGENCY","military_name":"DIA","suspect_count":"a small group of","suspect_profile":"a technical specialist","access_level":"SECRET / NOFORN","foreign_service":"a hostile foreign intelligence service","leaked_material":"classified assessments","duration":"3 years","suspect_profile_detail":"Honey-trap operation confirmed","dept_name":"analysis","suspect_identity":"a technical specialist \'97 identity confirmed, access logs corroborate","foreign_link":"Foreign beneficiary likely a hostile foreign intelligence service \'97 unconfirmed","compromised_material":"classified assessments confirmed compromised \'97 scope defined","access_pattern":"Suspicious access pattern observed \'97 statistical only, not conclusive","arrest_viability":"Evidence threshold met \'97 arrest authorized"\},"isMultiPhase":false,"status":"SUCCESS","assignedInvDept":null,"invDaysLeft":0,"assignedBudget":1,"assignedExecDepts":["COUNTER_INTEL","FIELD_OPS","HUMINT","SIGINT","ANALYSIS"],"execDaysLeft":0,"successProb":92,"resultMsg":"Internal threat neutralized. a technical specialist in custody. Leaked material accounted for. Network damage: limited.\\n\\nFull debrief will take weeks. Counter-Intelligence has recommended a security review of all personnel with similar access.","confDelta":11,"budgetDelta":0,"dayReceived":304,"phaseFalseFlag":false,"phaseFalseFlagText":"","phaseFalseFlagPenalty":false,"followUpSpawned":false,"suspects":[],"selectedSuspectIdx":null,"invDays":6,"execDays":1,"baseBudget":2,"invDepts":["ANALYSIS","COUNTER_INTEL","SIGINT"],"execDepts":["COUNTER_INTEL","FIELD_OPS"],"opNarrative":"Counter-Intelligence conducts a controlled burn \'97 feeding known-false intelligence into the network to identify the leak point. SIGINT monitors the subject's communications for the telltale signal. Once the mole is confirmed, Field Operations executes a quiet arrest before the subject can alert their handler or destroy evidence.","initialReport":"SIGINT flags encrypted outbound traffic from an internal terminal. Source and recipient unknown.","fullReport":"INTELLIGENCE BRIEF \'97 OP BROKEN DAGGER\\n\\nInternal investigation indicates a small group of individuals with access to compromised intelligence streams.\\n\\nPrimary suspect: a technical specialist. Access level: SECRET / NOFORN.\\n\\nForeign beneficiary: a hostile foreign intelligence service.\\n\\nRecommendation: Controlled surveillance and arrest operation.","successMsgs":["\{suspect_profile\} arrested. Partial confession obtained. \{foreign_service\} network partially rolled up. Damage assessment underway.\\n\\nThe controlled burn worked cleanly. Preliminary interrogation suggests the compromise was limited to one compartment.","Internal threat neutralized. \{suspect_profile\} in custody. Leaked material accounted for. Network damage: limited.\\n\\nFull debrief will take weeks. Counter-Intelligence has recommended a security review of all personnel with similar access.","Subject apprehended without incident. \{suspect_profile\} in custody. \{foreign_service\} handler unaware.\\n\\nDevice cloning complete. We now have a window into their communication protocols.","Arrest clean. \{suspect_profile\} cooperative under initial questioning. \{leaked_material\} compromise contained.\\n\\n\{foreign_service\} is now operating blind on the penetrated compartment."],"failureMsgs":["Surveillance operation blown. Suspect alerted and fled the country. \{foreign_service\} network intact. Damage unknown.\\n\\nThe subject had a pre-arranged exfiltration plan. A full damage assessment has been ordered.","Wrong suspect apprehended. Actual mole still active. \{foreign_service\} has now changed protocols.\\n\\nCounter-Intelligence is restarting the investigation. The mole knows we are looking.","Arrest attempted but subject invoked legal protections. Case may not hold up in closed proceedings.\\n\\nThe mole is aware. Exfil likely in progress. \{foreign_service\} has been alerted.","Controlled burn failed \'97 subject did not take the bait. Actual leak source remains unidentified.\\n\\n\{foreign_service\} continues to receive intelligence. Alternative investigation approach required."],"confSuccess":[6,12],"confFail":[-10,-18],"intelFields":[\{"key":"suspect_identity","label":"PRIMARY SUSPECT","value":"a technical specialist \'97 identity confirmed, access logs corroborate","revealed":true\},\{"key":"foreign_link","label":"FOREIGN BENEFICIARY","value":"Foreign beneficiary likely a hostile foreign intelligence service \'97 unconfirmed","revealed":true\},\{"key":"compromised_material","label":"LEAKED MATERIAL","value":"classified assessments confirmed compromised \'97 scope defined","revealed":true\},\{"key":"access_pattern","label":"ACCESS PATTERN","value":"Suspicious access pattern observed \'97 statistical only, not conclusive","revealed":true\},\{"key":"arrest_viability","label":"ARREST VIABILITY","value":"Evidence threshold met \'97 arrest authorized","revealed":true\}],"intelBonus":true,"blown":false,"blownDaysLeft":0,"lastInvOutcome":"CRITICAL_SUCCESS","agencyJustification":"This is a classified internal security matter. Bringing in external law enforcement would expose compartmented programs to uncontrolled legal proceedings. Counter-Intelligence directorate maintains sole jurisdiction over internal threat investigations under the SAA charter.","attachedEliteIds":["EU12"],"agencySupport":[],"_resultNew":true,"debriefHtml":"<div class=\\"db-wrap db-success\\"><div class=\\"db-toggle\\" onclick=\\"this.parentElement.classList.toggle('db-open')\\"><span class=\\"db-toggle-arrow\\">&#9654;</span><span class=\\"db-toggle-label\\">FULL OPERATIONAL DEBRIEF</span></div><div class=\\"db-body\\"><div class=\\"db-classification\\">TOP SECRET // ORCON</div><div class=\\"db-title\\">AFTER-ACTION REPORT</div><div class=\\"db-subtitle\\">OP BROKEN DAGGER \'97 OBJECTIVES ACHIEVED</div><div class=\\"db-section-title\\">DEPLOYED ASSETS</div><div class=\\"db-assets\\"><div class=\\"db-asset-row\\"><span class=\\"db-asset-dept\\">COUNTER-INTEL</span><span class=\\"db-asset-type\\">officer \'97 PRIMARY</span></div><div class=\\"db-asset-row\\"><span class=\\"db-asset-dept\\">FIELD OPS</span><span class=\\"db-asset-type\\">field team \'97 PRIMARY</span></div><div class=\\"db-asset-row\\"><span class=\\"db-asset-dept\\">HUMINT</span><span class=\\"db-asset-type\\">handler \'97 SUPPORT</span></div><div class=\\"db-asset-row\\"><span class=\\"db-asset-dept\\">SIGINT</span><span class=\\"db-asset-type\\">intercept team \'97 SUPPORT</span></div><div class=\\"db-asset-row\\"><span class=\\"db-asset-dept\\">ANALYSIS</span><span class=\\"db-asset-type\\">desk \'97 SUPPORT</span></div><div class=\\"db-asset-row db-asset-elite\\"><span class=\\"db-asset-dept\\">Section BULWARK</span><span class=\\"db-asset-type\\">Counter-Intelligence \'97 ELITE</span></div></div><div class=\\"db-meta\\">Budget committed: $1M \'b7 Pre-operation success assessment: 92%</div><div class=\\"db-section-title\\">OPERATION TIMELINE</div><div class=\\"db-day\\">23 NOV 2025</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0615Z</span> Counter-intelligence investigation entered decisive phase. COUNTER-INTEL/FIELD OPS/HUMINT/SIGINT/ANALYSIS compiled findings from the preceding investigation period.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0930Z</span> Canary trap methodology deployed: 3 unique documents seeded through the suspect pool. Each variant contained traceable modifications invisible to the reader.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">1135Z</span> Physical surveillance authorized on primary suspect. Section BULWARK assigned to the surveillance detail.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">1200Z</span> Digital forensics team initiated covert monitoring of suspect's workstation access patterns, email traffic, and file transfers.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-day\\">24 NOV 2025</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0145Z</span> Decision made to move to arrest. Evidence package reviewed by internal legal counsel: assessed as SUFFICIENT for prosecution and internal action.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0223Z</span> Arrest team assembled. SHADOW designated as lead. Location: suspect is currently at the cafeteria.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0240Z</span> HUMINT source confirmed target disposition 45 minutes before H-hour, enabling final GO decision.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0244Z</span> SIGINT provided real-time electronic surveillance \'97 scanning radio frequencies and phone networks in the target area.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0251Z</span> ANALYSIS provided real-time threat assessment and target pattern analysis from the operations center.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0254Z</span> Suspect approached by SHADOW team. Suspect attempted to destroy their phone by smashing it \'97 device partially recovered.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0303Z</span> Suspect's workspace secured and sealed. Digital forensics team began imaging all devices. Personal effects catalogued. An unauthorized encrypted USB drive was recovered from the suspect's bag.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0308Z</span> Suspect's residence searched under judicial authority. Recovery included: USB drives with encrypted files and correspondence.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0317Z</span> Suspect transferred to secure detention facility. Formal interrogation scheduled. Damage assessment team mobilized to review all programs and operations the suspect had access to.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0330Z</span> Full access audit initiated: suspect held SECRET clearance with broad access to operational databases. Scope of potential compromise: SIGNIFICANT.</div><div class=\\"db-section-title\\">ASSESSMENT</div><div class=\\"db-assessment\\">The counter-intelligence investigation has successfully identified and neutralized an insider threat. The suspect had been passing classified information to a foreign government via an intermediary network for an estimated 5 months. COUNTER-INTEL officer, FIELD OPS field team, HUMINT handler, SIGINT intercept team, ANALYSIS desk conducted the investigation with appropriate discretion, preventing the suspect from learning of the inquiry until the arrest. Section BULWARK was instrumental during the surveillance phase, documenting critical meetings that established the suspect's guilt. Damage assessment is the immediate priority. All operations and sources the suspect had access to must be evaluated for compromise. Preliminary estimates suggest 16 intelligence products may have been passed to the adversary. The suspect is in custody and formal interrogation will commence within 24 hours.</div></div></div>"\},\{"id":"M117","typeId":"NETWORK_EXPANSION","codename":"SHADOW STORM","threat":3,"label":"NETWORK EXPANSION","category":"INTELLIGENCE OPERATIONS","location":"FOREIGN","city":"Amsterdam","country":"Netherlands","urgency":20,"urgencyLeft":10,"fillVars":\{"city":"Amsterdam","country":"Netherlands","codename":"SHADOW STORM","urgency_days":"20","agency":"SAA","leaderTitle":"the President","bureau_name":"BUREAU","agency_name":"AGENCY","military_name":"DIA","theater_name":"Western Europe","cover_status":"Cover identity prepared \'97 final documentation pending","recruitment_targets":"Three viable candidates identified \'97 motivation and access profiles characterized","local_ci_assessment":"Local CI posture MODERATE \'97 additional precautions required"\},"isMultiPhase":false,"status":"ARCHIVED","assignedInvDept":null,"invDaysLeft":0,"assignedBudget":8,"assignedExecDepts":["FOREIGN_OPS","HUMINT","SIGINT","ANALYSIS"],"execDaysLeft":0,"successProb":92,"resultMsg":"Network expansion achieved. New collection streams active in Netherlands. Safe house chain and exfiltration protocols in place. Coverage rating: ADEQUATE.","confDelta":3,"budgetDelta":0,"dayReceived":299,"phaseFalseFlag":false,"phaseFalseFlagText":"","phaseFalseFlagPenalty":false,"followUpSpawned":false,"suspects":[],"selectedSuspectIdx":null,"invDays":3,"execDays":7,"baseBudget":13,"invDepts":["ANALYSIS","HUMINT","SIGINT"],"execDepts":["FOREIGN_OPS","HUMINT"],"opNarrative":"Foreign Operations establishes a cover platform in Amsterdam. HUMINT handlers identify and develop potential sources within the local intelligence, military, and political establishments. The recruitment cycle \'97 spot, assess, develop, recruit \'97 is executed methodically over the operational window. Supporting infrastructure (safe houses, dead drops, communications protocols) is established in parallel.","initialReport":"Western Europe theater coverage deficient. Asset recruitment operation in Amsterdam, Netherlands will expand intelligence collection capability.","fullReport":"NETWORK EXPANSION BRIEF \'97 OP SHADOW STORM\\n\\nTheater: Western Europe. Location: Amsterdam, Netherlands.\\n\\nCurrent intelligence coverage in this area is insufficient. This operation will develop new sources within local power structures and establish supporting clandestine infrastructure.\\n\\nRecommended approach: gradual recruitment through established cover, supported by SIGINT targeting.","successMsgs":["Network established. Three new sources recruited in \{city\}. Collection infrastructure operational. \{theater_name\} theater coverage significantly improved.","Operation complete. Source network in \{country\} is now active and producing. Dead-drop chain and secure communications established. Theater coverage upgraded.","Recruitment cycle successful. Multiple assets now reporting from \{city\}. Cover platforms secure. \{theater_name\} intelligence capability enhanced.","Network expansion achieved. New collection streams active in \{country\}. Safe house chain and exfiltration protocols in place. Coverage rating: ADEQUATE."],"failureMsgs":["Cover platform compromised in \{city\}. Lead recruiter identified by local CI. All assets burned. Network expansion failed.","Operation blown. Local security services arrested the principal agent in \{country\}. Recruitment program terminated. Coverage gap remains.","Source development unsuccessful. Target environment in \{city\} proved hostile. No viable assets recruited. \{theater_name\} coverage unchanged.","Cover story collapsed. Two officers detained briefly before diplomatic extraction. Network infrastructure abandoned. Operation failed."],"confSuccess":[2,5],"confFail":[-3,-6],"intelFields":[\{"key":"cover_status","label":"COVER PLATFORM","value":"Cover identity prepared \'97 final documentation pending","revealed":true\},\{"key":"recruitment_targets","label":"RECRUITMENT TARGETS","value":"Three viable candidates identified \'97 motivation and access profiles characterized","revealed":true\},\{"key":"local_ci_assessment","label":"LOCAL CI POSTURE","value":"Local CI posture MODERATE \'97 additional precautions required","revealed":true\}],"intelBonus":false,"blown":false,"blownDaysLeft":0,"lastInvOutcome":"PARTIAL","agencyJustification":"SAA requires expanded human intelligence coverage in the Western Europe theater. Current network penetration is insufficient for adequate threat detection and operational support. Authorization is requested for a clandestine recruitment and infrastructure development program in Amsterdam, Netherlands.","networkTheaterId":"WESTERN_EUROPE","attachedEliteIds":["EU13","EU3"],"agencySupport":[],"debriefHtml":"<div class=\\"db-wrap db-success\\"><div class=\\"db-toggle\\" onclick=\\"this.parentElement.classList.toggle('db-open')\\"><span class=\\"db-toggle-arrow\\">&#9654;</span><span class=\\"db-toggle-label\\">FULL OPERATIONAL DEBRIEF</span></div><div class=\\"db-body\\"><div class=\\"db-classification\\">TOP SECRET // ORCON</div><div class=\\"db-title\\">AFTER-ACTION REPORT</div><div class=\\"db-subtitle\\">OP SHADOW STORM \'97 OBJECTIVES ACHIEVED</div><div class=\\"db-section-title\\">DEPLOYED ASSETS</div><div class=\\"db-assets\\"><div class=\\"db-asset-row\\"><span class=\\"db-asset-dept\\">FOREIGN OPS</span><span class=\\"db-asset-type\\">cell \'97 PRIMARY</span></div><div class=\\"db-asset-row\\"><span class=\\"db-asset-dept\\">HUMINT</span><span class=\\"db-asset-type\\">handler \'97 PRIMARY</span></div><div class=\\"db-asset-row\\"><span class=\\"db-asset-dept\\">SIGINT</span><span class=\\"db-asset-type\\">intercept team \'97 SUPPORT</span></div><div class=\\"db-asset-row\\"><span class=\\"db-asset-dept\\">ANALYSIS</span><span class=\\"db-asset-type\\">desk \'97 SUPPORT</span></div><div class=\\"db-asset-row db-asset-elite\\"><span class=\\"db-asset-dept\\">Cell PASSAGE</span><span class=\\"db-asset-type\\">Foreign Operations \'97 ELITE</span></div><div class=\\"db-asset-row db-asset-elite\\"><span class=\\"db-asset-dept\\">Desk QUILL \u9733 </span><span class=\\"db-asset-type\\">Analysis Bureau \'97 ELITE</span></div></div><div class=\\"db-meta\\">Budget committed: $8M \'b7 Pre-operation success assessment: 92%</div><div class=\\"db-section-title\\">OPERATION TIMELINE</div><div class=\\"db-day\\">12 NOV 2025</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0530Z</span> FOREIGN OPS/HUMINT/SIGINT/ANALYSIS advance team arrived in Amsterdam under cover. Cover platform established: a cultural exchange program.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0750Z</span> Initial area familiarization. Case officers mapped the local security environment \'97 police presence, surveillance cameras, counter-intelligence patterns.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0815Z</span> Target environment assessment completed. Target-rich environment. Multiple potential recruitment candidates identified through social mapping.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">1020Z</span> Cell PASSAGE embedded with the advance team. Assumed role: technical operations specialist.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-day\\">14 NOV 2025</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0910Z</span> Source development phase initiated. Primary recruitment target identified: a port authority official controlling customs records. Designated ASSET-1.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">1105Z</span> Initial contact with ASSET-1 via a mutual acquaintance in the business community. Assessment: ideologically sympathetic \'97 promising.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">1350Z</span> Parallel spotting. Second potential source identified: a telecommunications engineer with network access. Designated ASSET-2. Approached through different case officer to compartmentalize.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">1450Z</span> SIGINT sweep detected no technical surveillance on team communications.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-day\\">19 NOV 2025</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0650Z</span> ASSET-1 recruitment pitch delivered. Method: exploitation of a compromising personal situation. Result: ACCEPTED after negotiation. Terms: regular financial compensation and eventual resettlement guarantee.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0945Z</span> Additional recruitment: ASSET-2 successfully recruited via mutual contact introduction through an existing low-level asset. Total active sources: 4.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">1225Z</span> Clandestine infrastructure established: a secure covert communications channel using encrypted messaging. Additionally: dead-drop sites at 4 locations across the city.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">1530Z</span> First intelligence product received from ASSET-1. Content: internal government communications regarding military deployments.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">1730Z</span> Cell PASSAGE conducted the primary recruitment meeting. Rapport was exceptional \'97 source expressed full confidence in the handler.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">1825Z</span> Exfiltration of case officers commenced. Cover platform will remain operational for ongoing source handling. Station handover to permanent resident officer initiated.</div><div class=\\"db-section-title\\">ASSESSMENT</div><div class=\\"db-assessment\\">Network expansion operation in Amsterdam, Netherlands (Western Europe theater) achieved all objectives. 4 human intelligence sources successfully recruited and producing. Cover platform operational and sustainable. Clandestine infrastructure \'97 including dead drops, safe houses, and secure communications \'97 established and tested. Cell PASSAGE was instrumental in the recruitment phase, personally handling the primary source pitch. Intelligence products already received include reporting on military dispositions. Western Europe theater intelligence coverage has been significantly upgraded. FOREIGN OPS/HUMINT/SIGINT/ANALYSIS performance rated EXCEPTIONAL.</div></div></div>","archivedDay":318\},\{"id":"M116","typeId":"ORG_INFILTRATION","codename":"AMBER SERPENT","threat":4,"label":"ORG INFILTRATION","category":"NETWORK PENETRATION","location":"FOREIGN","city":"Tripoli","country":"Libya","urgency":45,"urgencyLeft":31,"fillVars":\{"city":"Tripoli","country":"Libya","codename":"AMBER SERPENT","urgency_days":"45","agency":"SAA","leaderTitle":"the President","bureau_name":"BUREAU","agency_name":"AGENCY","military_name":"DIA","org_name":"THE SILVER ORCHID"\},"isMultiPhase":true,"status":"EXECUTING","assignedInvDept":null,"invDaysLeft":0,"assignedBudget":3,"assignedExecDepts":["HUMINT","SIGINT","FOREIGN_OPS","ANALYSIS"],"execDaysLeft":3,"successProb":92,"resultMsg":"","confDelta":0,"budgetDelta":0,"dayReceived":296,"phaseFalseFlag":false,"phaseFalseFlagText":"","phaseFalseFlagPenalty":false,"followUpSpawned":false,"suspects":[],"selectedSuspectIdx":null,"phases":[\{"id":"APPROACH","name":"Phase 1: Approach & Recruitment","shortName":"APPROACH","invDaysRange":[4,7],"invDepts":["HUMINT","ANALYSIS","COUNTER_INTEL"],"execDaysRange":[4,6],"execDepts":["HUMINT","FOREIGN_OPS"],"budgetRange":[4,8],"confSuccess":[0,0],"confFail":[-4,-8],"falseFlagChance":0.15,"invDeptEfficiency":\{"HUMINT":85,"ANALYSIS":70,"COUNTER_INTEL":75\},"intelFields":[\{"key":"access_vector","label":"ACCESS VECTOR"\},\{"key":"cover_identity","label":"COVER IDENTITY"\},\{"key":"vetting_process","label":"ORG VETTING PROCESS"\}],"intelFieldValues":\{"access_vector":["Peripheral associate identified \'97 viable recruitment pathway established","Access vector identified through financial intermediary network","Cultural or familial connection exploitable for initial introduction"],"cover_identity":["Cover identity backstopped and validated against open-source checks","Cover legend partially constructed \'97 additional backstopping required","Deep cover identity fully established with supporting documentation"],"vetting_process":["Organization uses multi-stage vetting \'97 expect 30-60 day probation period","Vetting appears informal \'97 rely on personal introductions and vouching","Hostile counter-intelligence active \'97 vetting includes surveillance detection"]\},"opNarrative":"\{agency\} HUMINT officers identify a viable access vector into the target organization. A cover identity is prepared and backstopped. The operative makes initial contact through an intermediary, presenting credentials that will withstand the organization's vetting process.","investigateReports":["Network analysis has identified a viable penetration pathway into the organization. HUMINT team has proposed an approach strategy and cover identity for review.","An access vector has been identified through signals intelligence correlation. Recommend deploying a HUMINT asset with backstopped cover for initial contact."],"fullBriefs":["INFILTRATION BRIEF \'97 OP \{codename\} / Phase 1: APPROACH\\n\\nTarget organization: \{org_name\}. Access vector: \{access_vector\}.\\n\\nCover identity: \{cover_identity\}. Vetting assessment: \{vetting_process\}.\\n\\nThe operative will make initial contact and begin the recruitment/embedding process. Counter-intelligence support will monitor for compromise indicators."],"successOutcomes":["Initial contact established. Operative has been introduced to peripheral network members. Cover identity accepted without challenge. Proceeding to embedding phase.","Approach phase successful. The operative has passed initial vetting and gained access to a low-level cell. Cover identity is holding. Ready for Phase 2.","Contact made through identified access vector. Organization has accepted the operative as a new associate. Embedding authorized."],"failureOutcomes":["Approach compromised. Organization's counter-intelligence detected anomalies in the cover identity. Operative extracted before capture.","Initial contact failed \'97 the intermediary was already under suspicion by the organization. Access vector burned.","Vetting process flagged the operative. Cover identity did not withstand scrutiny. Operation aborted to protect sources."]\},\{"id":"EMBED","name":"Phase 2: Embedding","shortName":"EMBED","invDaysRange":[3,5],"invDepts":["HUMINT","COUNTER_INTEL"],"execDaysRange":[5,8],"execDepts":["HUMINT","FOREIGN_OPS"],"budgetRange":[5,10],"confSuccess":[0,0],"confFail":[-6,-12],"falseFlagChance":0.1,"invDeptEfficiency":\{"HUMINT":80,"COUNTER_INTEL":85\},"intelFields":[\{"key":"trust_level","label":"TRUST LEVEL"\},\{"key":"cell_access","label":"CELL ACCESS"\},\{"key":"comms_channel","label":"COMMS CHANNEL"\}],"intelFieldValues":\{"trust_level":["Operative has gained sufficient trust to attend operational planning meetings","Trust building in progress \'97 operative has access to logistics but not operations","Operative is fully trusted and being considered for increased responsibilities"],"cell_access":["Operative embedded in a logistics cell \'97 lateral access to two other cells confirmed","Embedded in communications cell \'97 intercepting internal message traffic","Embedded in operational cell \'97 direct visibility on planned actions"],"comms_channel":["Secure dead-drop communication channel established with handler","Encrypted digital channel active \'97 regular reporting schedule maintained","Brush-pass protocol established \'97 weekly intelligence packages confirmed"]\},"opNarrative":"The operative deepens their position within the organization, building trust and gaining access to operational cells. A secure communication channel is established with the handling officer. The goal is to reach a position where the operative can provide actionable intelligence on the organization's structure and plans.","investigateReports":["Phase 1 complete. Operative is in position and making progress. Recommend proceeding with embedding to deepen access and establish communications."],"fullBriefs":["INFILTRATION BRIEF \'97 OP \{codename\} / Phase 2: EMBEDDING\\n\\nOperative is inside the organization. Trust level: \{trust_level\}.\\n\\nCell access: \{cell_access\}. Communications: \{comms_channel\}.\\n\\nObjective: Deepen access, map organizational structure, and establish reliable intelligence pipeline."],"successOutcomes":["Embedding complete. Operative has established a trusted position within the organization. Secure communications confirmed. Intelligence pipeline active.","Phase 2 successful. The operative has mapped significant portions of the network structure and established reliable comms. Infiltration is fully established.","Operative is embedded and producing high-value intelligence. Network structure, leadership, and operations are now partially visible from within."],"failureOutcomes":["Operative's communications channel was detected by the organization's security arm. Emergency extraction initiated.","Embedding compromised when the operative was subjected to a loyalty test they could not pass. Cover blown \'97 operative extracted under duress.","Internal purge within the organization. Operative identified as an outsider and forced to flee. Network has gone dark."]\},\{"id":"ESTABLISH","name":"Phase 3: Establish Network","shortName":"ESTABLISH","invDaysRange":[2,4],"invDepts":["HUMINT","ANALYSIS","COUNTER_INTEL"],"execDaysRange":[3,5],"execDepts":["HUMINT"],"budgetRange":[3,6],"confSuccess":[2,5],"confFail":[-8,-15],"falseFlagChance":0.05,"invDeptEfficiency":\{"HUMINT":85,"ANALYSIS":80,"COUNTER_INTEL":75\},"intelFields":[\{"key":"network_map","label":"NETWORK MAP"\},\{"key":"leadership_access","label":"LEADERSHIP ACCESS"\}],"intelFieldValues":\{"network_map":["Full organizational chart developed \'97 all cells and command structure mapped","Partial network map \'97 key nodes identified but some connections remain unclear"],"leadership_access":["Operative has direct access to senior leadership \'97 reporting on strategic decisions","Operative has indirect access \'97 intelligence flows through one intermediary"]\},"opNarrative":"The operative consolidates their position and begins systematic intelligence collection on leadership, structure, finances, and planned operations. The goal is to establish a durable penetration that provides ongoing strategic intelligence and enables future disruption or takedown operations.","investigateReports":["Operative is ready to move to the final phase \'97 establishing a permanent intelligence network within the organization."],"fullBriefs":["INFILTRATION BRIEF \'97 OP \{codename\} / Phase 3: ESTABLISH\\n\\nOperative is embedded and trusted. Network map: \{network_map\}.\\n\\nLeadership access: \{leadership_access\}.\\n\\nFinal phase: Consolidate the penetration and establish ongoing intelligence production. This will enable future takedown operations."],"successOutcomes":["Infiltration fully established. Operative has penetrated the organization's inner circle. Continuous intelligence production confirmed. The organization is now compromised from within.","Phase 3 complete. Network fully mapped, leadership identified, operations monitored. \{agency\} now has an active penetration agent inside the organization.","Infiltration successful. The operative is producing high-grade intelligence on all aspects of the organization. Takedown operations can now be planned with full inside knowledge."],"failureOutcomes":["Operative was identified during a security sweep. Extraction successful but the penetration is lost. Organization is now aware of intelligence interest.","Leadership rotated security protocols. Operative lost access to key meetings and was sidelined. Infiltration effectively neutralized.","Organization conducted a mole hunt. Operative extracted before identification but the intelligence network within the org is burned."]\}],"currentPhaseIndex":2,"completedPhases":[\{"phaseIndex":0,"phaseId":"APPROACH","phaseName":"Phase 1: Approach & Recruitment","shortName":"APPROACH","result":"SUCCESS","msg":"Approach phase successful. The operative has passed initial vetting and gained access to a low-level cell. Cover identity is holding. Ready for Phase 2."\},\{"phaseIndex":1,"phaseId":"EMBED","phaseName":"Phase 2: Embedding","shortName":"EMBED","result":"SUCCESS","msg":"Phase 2 successful. The operative has mapped significant portions of the network structure and established reliable comms. Infiltration is fully established."\}],"lastPhaseMsg":"Phase 2 successful. The operative has mapped significant portions of the network structure and established reliable comms. Infiltration is fully established.","lastPhaseName":"Phase 2: Embedding","lastPhaseShortName":"EMBED","lastPhaseConfDelta":0,"agencyJustification":"Standard intelligence collection has failed to penetrate this organization. A long-term human penetration operation under SAA covert action authority is required to develop the access needed to map, monitor, and ultimately dismantle the network from within.","currentPhaseFillVars":\{"city":"Tripoli","country":"Libya","codename":"AMBER SERPENT","urgency_days":"45","agency":"SAA","leaderTitle":"the President","bureau_name":"BUREAU","agency_name":"AGENCY","military_name":"DIA","org_name":"THE SILVER ORCHID","network_map":"Full organizational chart developed \'97 all cells and command structure mapped","leadership_access":"Operative has direct access to senior leadership \'97 reporting on strategic decisions"\},"invDays":4,"invDepts":["HUMINT","ANALYSIS","COUNTER_INTEL"],"execDays":5,"execDepts":["HUMINT"],"baseBudget":4,"confSuccess":[2,5],"confFail":[-8,-15],"opNarrative":"The operative consolidates their position and begins systematic intelligence collection on leadership, structure, finances, and planned operations. The goal is to establish a durable penetration that provides ongoing strategic intelligence and enables future disruption or takedown operations.","initialReport":"Operative is ready to move to the final phase \'97 establishing a permanent intelligence network within the organization.","fullReport":"INFILTRATION BRIEF \'97 OP AMBER SERPENT / Phase 3: ESTABLISH\\n\\nOperative is embedded and trusted. Network map: Full organizational chart developed \'97 all cells and command structure mapped.\\n\\nLeadership access: Operative has direct access to senior leadership \'97 reporting on strategic decisions.\\n\\nFinal phase: Consolidate the penetration and establish ongoing intelligence production. This will enable future takedown operations.","successMsgs":["Infiltration fully established. Operative has penetrated the organization's inner circle. Continuous intelligence production confirmed. The organization is now compromised from within.","Phase 3 complete. Network fully mapped, leadership identified, operations monitored. \{agency\} now has an active penetration agent inside the organization.","Infiltration successful. The operative is producing high-grade intelligence on all aspects of the organization. Takedown operations can now be planned with full inside knowledge."],"failureMsgs":["Operative was identified during a security sweep. Extraction successful but the penetration is lost. Organization is now aware of intelligence interest.","Leadership rotated security protocols. Operative lost access to key meetings and was sidelined. Infiltration effectively neutralized.","Organization conducted a mole hunt. Operative extracted before identification but the intelligence network within the org is burned."],"intelFields":[\{"key":"network_map","label":"NETWORK MAP","value":"Full organizational chart developed \'97 all cells and command structure mapped","revealed":true\},\{"key":"leadership_access","label":"LEADERSHIP ACCESS","value":"Operative has direct access to senior leadership \'97 reporting on strategic decisions","revealed":true\}],"intelBonus":true,"blown":false,"blownDaysLeft":0,"lastInvOutcome":"CRITICAL_SUCCESS","plotId":"P1","plotFileName":"ORACLE","plotOrgName":"THE SILVER ORCHID","isOrgInfiltration":true,"attachedEliteIds":["EU13"],"agencySupport":[]\},\{"id":"M115","typeId":"ASSET_RESCUE","codename":"THORN SHIELD","threat":5,"label":"ASSET RESCUE","category":"COVERT EXTRACTION","location":"FOREIGN","city":"Kabul","country":"Afghanistan","urgency":6,"urgencyLeft":3,"fillVars":\{"city":"Kabul","country":"Afghanistan","codename":"THORN SHIELD","urgency_days":"6","agency":"SAA","leaderTitle":"the President","bureau_name":"BUREAU","agency_name":"AGENCY","military_name":"DIA","alias":"ORACLE","days_dark":"48 hours","detaining_authority":"the interior ministry","asset_knowledge":"access to classified source networks","exfil_route":"via commercial aviation with a sterile identity","asset_condition":"injured but responsive","asset_condition_post":"Minor injuries sustained","location_detail":"a military installation","asset_status":"\\"ORACLE\\" \'97 status unverified, last signal 48 hours days ago","hold_location":"Kabul area \'97 approximate only, confirmation needed","detaining_party":"the interior ministry \'97 confirmed, holding facility identified","exfil_corridor":"Exfil route planned \'97 final segment unconfirmed"\},"isMultiPhase":false,"status":"ARCHIVED","assignedInvDept":null,"invDaysLeft":0,"assignedBudget":5,"assignedExecDepts":["FOREIGN_OPS","SPECIAL_OPS","HUMINT","SIGINT","ANALYSIS"],"execDaysLeft":0,"successProb":92,"resultMsg":"Extraction failed. Asset \\"ORACLE\\" transferred to a high-security facility. Recovery is now assessed as unlikely.\\n\\nThe asset has knowledge of ongoing operations. A review of all related mission files is recommended.","confDelta":-13,"budgetDelta":0,"dayReceived":296,"phaseFalseFlag":false,"phaseFalseFlagText":"","phaseFalseFlagPenalty":false,"followUpSpawned":false,"suspects":[],"selectedSuspectIdx":null,"invDays":1,"execDays":4,"baseBudget":10,"invDepts":["ANALYSIS","HUMINT","FOREIGN_OPS"],"execDepts":["FOREIGN_OPS","SPECIAL_OPS"],"opNarrative":"Foreign Operations inserts a small contact team to locate and reach the asset. Once contact is made, the team moves to a pre-planned exfiltration corridor \'97 sea, air, or overland depending on the situation. Special Operations provides armed support if the extraction turns hostile. Speed is critical; the window closes fast.","initialReport":"FLASH: Afghanistan interior ministry conducting security sweeps in Kabul. Asset \\"ORACLE\\" non-responsive.","fullReport":"INTELLIGENCE BRIEF \'97 OP THORN SHIELD\\n\\nAsset \\"ORACLE\\" location confirmed: a military installation in Kabul.\\n\\nCondition: injured but responsive. Has access to classified source networks.\\n\\nExfiltration corridor: via commercial aviation with a sterile identity. Window is closing. Recommend immediate extraction.","successMsgs":["Asset \\"\{alias\}\\" successfully extracted from \{country\}. Debriefing is underway. No casualties on the extraction team.\\n\\nThe asset remains operational and has provided preliminary intelligence on the circumstances of their detention.","Extraction complete. \\"\{alias\}\\" recovered. \{asset_condition_post\}. Operational security maintained throughout.\\n\\nThe in-country network was partially compromised. An assessment of the damage to our \{country\} operations is being prepared.","\\"\{alias\}\\" recovered from \{location_detail\} without incident. Team extracted cleanly.\\n\\nAsset is debriefing now. Early indications suggest the detention was precautionary rather than intelligence-driven.","Successful extraction. \\"\{alias\}\\" safe and accounted for. Exfil via \{exfil_route\} executed cleanly.\\n\\nNetwork damage assessment initiated. Preliminary review suggests limited exposure."],"failureMsgs":["Extraction failed. Asset \\"\{alias\}\\" transferred to a high-security facility. Recovery is now assessed as unlikely.\\n\\nThe asset has knowledge of ongoing operations. A review of all related mission files is recommended.","Team compromised. Asset extraction aborted. \\"\{alias\}\\" fate unknown. Two team members still evading pursuit.\\n\\nForeign Operations has activated emergency exfiltration protocols. Related operations are being suspended.","Extraction window closed. \\"\{alias\}\\" moved to an undisclosed facility before the team could reach them.\\n\\n\{country\} security services are now actively hunting the extraction team.","Contact with asset failed. Team could not confirm location. \\"\{alias\}\\" status unknown \'97 presumed transferred.\\n\\nCompromise of related networks is being assessed."],"confSuccess":[8,15],"confFail":[-12,-22],"intelFields":[\{"key":"asset_status","label":"ASSET STATUS","value":"\\"ORACLE\\" \'97 status unverified, last signal 48 hours days ago","revealed":true\},\{"key":"hold_location","label":"HOLD LOCATION","value":"Kabul area \'97 approximate only, confirmation needed","revealed":true\},\{"key":"detaining_party","label":"DETAINING AUTHORITY","value":"the interior ministry \'97 confirmed, holding facility identified","revealed":true\},\{"key":"exfil_corridor","label":"EXTRACTION CORRIDOR","value":"Exfil route planned \'97 final segment unconfirmed","revealed":true\}],"intelBonus":true,"blown":false,"blownDaysLeft":0,"lastInvOutcome":"CRITICAL_SUCCESS","agencyJustification":"The asset possesses classified information that cannot be safely extracted through a standard consular response. A diplomatic route would expose our source networks to hostile scrutiny. SAA covert extraction protocols protect both the asset and the operational architecture they represent.","attachedEliteIds":["EU13"],"agencySupport":[],"debriefHtml":"<div class=\\"db-wrap db-failure\\"><div class=\\"db-toggle\\" onclick=\\"this.parentElement.classList.toggle('db-open')\\"><span class=\\"db-toggle-arrow\\">&#9654;</span><span class=\\"db-toggle-label\\">FULL OPERATIONAL DEBRIEF</span></div><div class=\\"db-body\\"><div class=\\"db-classification\\">SECRET // REL FVEY</div><div class=\\"db-title\\">AFTER-ACTION REPORT</div><div class=\\"db-subtitle\\">OP THORN SHIELD \'97 OBJECTIVES NOT ACHIEVED</div><div class=\\"db-section-title\\">DEPLOYED ASSETS</div><div class=\\"db-assets\\"><div class=\\"db-asset-row\\"><span class=\\"db-asset-dept\\">FOREIGN OPS</span><span class=\\"db-asset-type\\">cell \'97 PRIMARY</span></div><div class=\\"db-asset-row\\"><span class=\\"db-asset-dept\\">SPECIAL OPS</span><span class=\\"db-asset-type\\">strike unit \'97 PRIMARY</span></div><div class=\\"db-asset-row\\"><span class=\\"db-asset-dept\\">HUMINT</span><span class=\\"db-asset-type\\">handler \'97 SUPPORT</span></div><div class=\\"db-asset-row\\"><span class=\\"db-asset-dept\\">SIGINT</span><span class=\\"db-asset-type\\">intercept team \'97 SUPPORT</span></div><div class=\\"db-asset-row\\"><span class=\\"db-asset-dept\\">ANALYSIS</span><span class=\\"db-asset-type\\">desk \'97 SUPPORT</span></div><div class=\\"db-asset-row db-asset-elite\\"><span class=\\"db-asset-dept\\">Cell PASSAGE</span><span class=\\"db-asset-type\\">Foreign Operations \'97 ELITE</span></div></div><div class=\\"db-meta\\">Budget committed: $5M \'b7 Pre-operation success assessment: 92%</div><div class=\\"db-section-title\\">OPERATION TIMELINE</div><div class=\\"db-day\\">31 OCT 2025</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0610Z</span> Intelligence placed the at-risk source at a remote rural building in Kabul. Source: satellite imagery analysis.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0745Z</span> FOREIGN OPS/SPECIAL OPS/HUMINT/SIGINT/ANALYSIS developed rescue plan. Cell PASSAGE designated as rescue lead.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-day\\">04 NOV 2025</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0400Z</span> Assault element deployed. Pre-dawn darkness, new moon.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0424Z</span> Entry achieved. Intense firefight with 7 guards. During the engagement, captors executed a vehicle breakout through a back gate.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0450Z</span> HUMINT source confirmed target disposition 37 minutes before H-hour, enabling final GO decision.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0501Z</span> SIGINT jammed hostile communications on the field commander's order during the final phase.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0504Z</span> ANALYSIS correlated incoming field data with existing intelligence holdings, updating the tactical picture.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0513Z</span> Operation called. All elements withdrawing. Cell PASSAGE confirmed no trace of the at-risk source at the location. Cover identities used in this operation are being evaluated for potential compromise.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0527Z</span> FOREIGN OPS/SPECIAL OPS/HUMINT/SIGINT/ANALYSIS teams extracted safely. No friendly casualties.</div><div class=\\"db-section-title\\">ASSESSMENT</div><div class=\\"db-assessment\\">The rescue operation for the at-risk source in Kabul has failed. The subject had already been relocated. The at-risk source remains in captivity at an unknown location. Cell PASSAGE was deployed but the situation did not permit a successful rescue. Immediate priority: re-establishing intelligence on the at-risk source's location. Every hour increases the risk to the subject. Post-mortem review board has been convened and will report within 72 hours.</div></div></div>","archivedDay":303\},\{"id":"M114","typeId":"HVT_SURVEILLANCE_DOM","codename":"SHADOW GAVEL","threat":3,"label":"HVT SURVEILLANCE","category":"SURVEILLANCE OPS","location":"DOMESTIC","city":"Seattle","country":"United States","urgency":23,"urgencyLeft":7,"fillVars":\{"city":"Seattle","country":"United States","codename":"SHADOW GAVEL","urgency_days":"23","agency":"SAA","leaderTitle":"the President","bureau_name":"BUREAU","agency_name":"AGENCY","military_name":"DIA","alias":"KINGPIN","hvt_role":"cell commander","target_bg":"Subject has evaded previous interdiction attempts and is believed to have changed identity.","target_pattern":"weekly meetings at three rotating locations \'97 confirmed by three separate observation sessions","contact_role":"a domestic national under a separate investigation","location_detail":"a hotel in the city centre","comm_device":"Communication method observed: face-to-face dead-drop methodology \'97 full intercept not yet established","movement_window":"Possible window: a weekly 4-hour window when target travels alone \'97 not yet fully confirmed","counter_surv":"advanced \'97 regular SDR, difficult to follow without compromise","contact_network":"a domestic national under a separate investigation \'97 confirmed contact, meeting frequency established","residence":"a hotel in the city centre \'97 residence confirmed by field team","target_alias":"KINGPIN","suspect_name":"KINGPIN","target_role":"cell commander","rendition_role":"cell commander"\},"isMultiPhase":false,"status":"ARCHIVED","assignedInvDept":null,"invDaysLeft":0,"assignedBudget":2,"assignedExecDepts":["FIELD_OPS","COUNTER_INTEL","ANALYSIS","HUMINT","SIGINT"],"execDaysLeft":0,"successProb":92,"resultMsg":"Target KINGPIN under sustained surveillance. Residence: a hotel in the city centre. Regular movements: weekly meetings at three rotating locations \'97 confirmed by three separate observation sessions. Contact: a domestic national under a separate investigation. Comm device: Communication method observed: face-to-face dead-drop methodology \'97 full intercept not yet established. Counter-surv posture: advanced \'97 regular SDR, difficult to follow without compromise. Abduction window confirmed.","confDelta":3,"budgetDelta":0,"dayReceived":293,"phaseFalseFlag":false,"phaseFalseFlagText":"","phaseFalseFlagPenalty":false,"followUpSpawned":false,"suspects":[\{"alias":"KINGPIN","role":"cell commander","confidence":"HIGH","isTarget":true,"eliminated":false\}],"selectedSuspectIdx":0,"invDays":4,"execDays":3,"baseBudget":5,"invDepts":["FIELD_OPS","SIGINT","ANALYSIS"],"execDepts":["FIELD_OPS"],"opNarrative":"Field Operations deploys a discreet surveillance package on the target. Teams conduct rolling physical and technical surveillance to establish a full pattern of life. SIGINT passively monitors the digital footprint. The goal is to locate the target, map their movements and contacts, and identify an optimal window for capture or elimination \'97 without alerting the subject.","initialReport":"Local law enforcement flagged an individual matching KINGPIN profile in Seattle. Unconfirmed. Surveillance package authorized.","fullReport":"SURVEILLANCE BRIEF \'97 OP SHADOW GAVEL\\n\\nKINGPIN (cell commander) \'97 domestic surveillance package initiated from Seattle.\\n\\nSubject has evaded previous interdiction attempts and is believed to have changed identity.\\n\\nObjectives: confirm residence at a hotel in the city centre, map Possible window: a weekly 4-hour window when target travels alone \'97 not yet fully confirmed, identify Communication method observed: face-to-face dead-drop methodology \'97 full intercept not yet established usage and contact a domestic national under a separate investigation. Counter-surv posture: advanced \'97 regular SDR, difficult to follow without compromise.","successMsgs":["Surveillance package successfully established on KINGPIN. Full pattern of life mapped. Residence confirmed at a hotel in the city centre. Movement window identified: Possible window: a weekly 4-hour window when target travels alone \'97 not yet fully confirmed. Contact network includes a domestic national under a separate investigation. Target unaware of surveillance.","Surveillance complete. KINGPIN tracked across Seattle. Residence: a hotel in the city centre. Regular contact: a domestic national under a separate investigation. Communications: Communication method observed: face-to-face dead-drop methodology \'97 full intercept not yet established. Target pattern: weekly meetings at three rotating locations \'97 confirmed by three separate observation sessions. Window for action confirmed.","Full surveillance dossier assembled on KINGPIN. Target movements predictable: weekly meetings at three rotating locations \'97 confirmed by three separate observation sessions. Residence: a hotel in the city centre. Contact: a domestic national under a separate investigation. Optimal abduction window: Possible window: a weekly 4-hour window when target travels alone \'97 not yet fully confirmed. Counter-surveillance: advanced \'97 regular SDR, difficult to follow without compromise.","KINGPIN under full surveillance. Pattern of life established without compromise. Residence: a hotel in the city centre. Contact network and Communication method observed: face-to-face dead-drop methodology \'97 full intercept not yet established usage documented. Action window identified: Possible window: a weekly 4-hour window when target travels alone \'97 not yet fully confirmed.","Surveillance operation complete. KINGPIN \'97 full pattern of life mapped. Residence at a hotel in the city centre confirmed. Contact: a domestic national under a separate investigation. Movement window for abduction: Possible window: a weekly 4-hour window when target travels alone \'97 not yet fully confirmed. No counter-surveillance detected.","Target KINGPIN under sustained surveillance. Residence: a hotel in the city centre. Regular movements: weekly meetings at three rotating locations \'97 confirmed by three separate observation sessions. Contact: a domestic national under a separate investigation. Comm device: Communication method observed: face-to-face dead-drop methodology \'97 full intercept not yet established. Counter-surv posture: advanced \'97 regular SDR, difficult to follow without compromise. Abduction window confirmed."],"failureMsgs":["Surveillance detected. KINGPIN performed a counter-surveillance sweep and identified our team. Target has changed routines and may relocate.","Surveillance package blown. Target KINGPIN was alerted by an unknown source. Residence and movement data incomplete.","KINGPIN unexpectedly departed Seattle before the surveillance package could be fully established. Target location unknown.","Technical surveillance compromised. KINGPIN switched communication devices and changed patterns. Operational picture incomplete.","Field team burned. KINGPIN identified the surveillance asset during a routine counter-surveillance route. Target now elevated security posture.","Surveillance aborted when local security forces became aware of unusual activity. KINGPIN has gone to ground."],"confSuccess":[3,7],"confFail":[-5,-10],"intelFields":[\{"key":"target_pattern","label":"MOVEMENT PATTERN","value":"weekly meetings at three rotating locations \'97 confirmed by three separate observation sessions","revealed":true\},\{"key":"contact_network","label":"CONTACT NETWORK","value":"a domestic national under a separate investigation \'97 confirmed contact, meeting frequency established","revealed":true\},\{"key":"residence","label":"RESIDENCE","value":"a hotel in the city centre \'97 residence confirmed by field team","revealed":true\},\{"key":"comm_device","label":"COMMUNICATIONS","value":"Communication method observed: face-to-face dead-drop methodology \'97 full intercept not yet established","revealed":true\},\{"key":"movement_window","label":"ACTION WINDOW","value":"Possible window: a weekly 4-hour window when target travels alone \'97 not yet fully confirmed","revealed":true\}],"intelBonus":false,"blown":false,"blownDaysLeft":0,"lastInvOutcome":"SUCCESS","agencyJustification":"The target is a known threat actor operating under domestic civilian cover. Standard law enforcement surveillance authorities are insufficient \'97 the level of access required exceeds normal judicial warrant provisions. SAA covert surveillance protocols are the only instrument that can build the operational picture required to locate and apprehend this individual.","linkedHvtId":"H50","attachedEliteIds":["EU12"],"agencySupport":[\{"agencyId":"BUREAU","supportId":"FBI_SURV","label":"FBI Surveillance","bonusType":"execProb","bonusValue":10,"cost":8\}],"debriefHtml":"<div class=\\"db-wrap db-success\\"><div class=\\"db-toggle\\" onclick=\\"this.parentElement.classList.toggle('db-open')\\"><span class=\\"db-toggle-arrow\\">&#9654;</span><span class=\\"db-toggle-label\\">FULL OPERATIONAL DEBRIEF</span></div><div class=\\"db-body\\"><div class=\\"db-classification\\">SECRET // REL FVEY</div><div class=\\"db-title\\">AFTER-ACTION REPORT</div><div class=\\"db-subtitle\\">OP SHADOW GAVEL \'97 OBJECTIVES ACHIEVED</div><div class=\\"db-section-title\\">DEPLOYED ASSETS</div><div class=\\"db-assets\\"><div class=\\"db-asset-row\\"><span class=\\"db-asset-dept\\">FIELD OPS</span><span class=\\"db-asset-type\\">field team \'97 PRIMARY</span></div><div class=\\"db-asset-row\\"><span class=\\"db-asset-dept\\">COUNTER-INTEL</span><span class=\\"db-asset-type\\">officer \'97 PRIMARY</span></div><div class=\\"db-asset-row\\"><span class=\\"db-asset-dept\\">ANALYSIS</span><span class=\\"db-asset-type\\">desk \'97 SUPPORT</span></div><div class=\\"db-asset-row\\"><span class=\\"db-asset-dept\\">HUMINT</span><span class=\\"db-asset-type\\">handler \'97 SUPPORT</span></div><div class=\\"db-asset-row\\"><span class=\\"db-asset-dept\\">SIGINT</span><span class=\\"db-asset-type\\">intercept team \'97 SUPPORT</span></div><div class=\\"db-asset-row db-asset-elite\\"><span class=\\"db-asset-dept\\">Section BULWARK</span><span class=\\"db-asset-type\\">Counter-Intelligence \'97 ELITE</span></div></div><div class=\\"db-meta\\">Budget committed: $2M \'b7 Pre-operation success assessment: 92%</div><div class=\\"db-section-title\\">OPERATION TIMELINE</div><div class=\\"db-day\\">10 NOV 2025</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0940Z</span> Surveillance operation initiated. FIELD OPS/COUNTER-INTEL/ANALYSIS/HUMINT/SIGINT deployed observation teams to Seattle.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">1250Z</span> Primary observation post established at a cooperating business adjacent to the target's routine path.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">1450Z</span> SIGINT coverage initiated: target phone IMSI captured and monitored.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">1500Z</span> Technical surveillance device emplaced: audio device in target's vehicle.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-day\\">11 NOV 2025</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0550Z</span> Day 2 surveillance log: Target traveled to 3 locations. All documented with photo/video evidence.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0635Z</span> Target conducted what appears to be a counter-surveillance run \'97 drove an evasive route for 37 minutes before returning to routine. Our team was NOT detected.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-day\\">12 NOV 2025</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0715Z</span> Day 3 surveillance log: Target traveled to 3 locations. All documented with photo/video evidence.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">1055Z</span> Associate identified: a previously unknown contact \'97 now flagged for investigation.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-day\\">13 NOV 2025</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0600Z</span> Final collection day. All remaining intelligence gaps addressed.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0820Z</span> Surveillance package withdrawn. All teams extracted sequentially to avoid pattern recognition.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">1010Z</span> Final intelligence package compiled: 16 pages of analysis, 58 photographs, 29 communications intercepts, and complete pattern-of-life documentation.</div><div class=\\"db-section-title\\">ASSESSMENT</div><div class=\\"db-assessment\\">Extended surveillance of KINGPIN in Seattle has been completed. FIELD OPS field team, COUNTER-INTEL officer, ANALYSIS desk, HUMINT handler, SIGINT intercept team maintained covert observation for 3 days without detection. Section BULWARK identified critical patterns and contacts that were not previously known. Key products: complete pattern of life, 5 safe house locations, 3 associate identities, communications patterns mapped, and security detail assessment (1 personnel). This intelligence package enables high-confidence direct-action planning against the target.</div></div></div>","archivedDay":312\},\{"id":"M113","typeId":"HVT_ABDUCTION_FOR","codename":"ROUGE TIDE","threat":5,"label":"FOREIGN RENDITION","category":"RENDITION OPS","location":"FOREIGN","city":"Bamako","country":"Mali","urgency":15,"urgencyLeft":3,"fillVars":\{"city":"Bamako","country":"Mali","codename":"ROUGE TIDE","urgency_days":"15","agency":"SAA","leaderTitle":"the President","bureau_name":"BUREAU","agency_name":"AGENCY","military_name":"DIA","alias":"RAPTOR","hvt_role":"propaganda coordinator","snatch_window":"a daily exercise route with minimal security coverage \'97 confirmed by surveillance","security_detail":"light (3-man security detail) \'97 fully characterized by surveillance","extraction_route":"Route planned: overland through allied territory to a friendly border crossing \'97 viability unconfirmed","transport_asset":"Transport: a charter aircraft pre-positioned at a secondary airfield \'97 pre-positioning confirmation pending","location_detail":"a hotel under a false booking","entry_route":"Entry plan confirmed and pre-staged","target_alias":"RAPTOR","suspect_name":"RAPTOR","target_role":"propaganda coordinator","rendition_role":"propaganda coordinator"\},"isMultiPhase":false,"status":"ARCHIVED","assignedInvDept":null,"invDaysLeft":0,"assignedBudget":4,"assignedExecDepts":["FOREIGN_OPS","SPECIAL_OPS","HUMINT","SIGINT"],"execDaysLeft":0,"successProb":92,"resultMsg":"RAPTOR successfully renditioned from Mali. Snatch window used as planned. Extraction route Route planned: overland through allied territory to a friendly border crossing \'97 viability unconfirmed clean. Transport Transport: a charter aircraft pre-positioned at a secondary airfield \'97 pre-positioning confirmation pending delivered target to secure facility.","confDelta":13,"budgetDelta":0,"dayReceived":283,"phaseFalseFlag":false,"phaseFalseFlagText":"","phaseFalseFlagPenalty":false,"followUpSpawned":false,"suspects":[\{"alias":"RAPTOR","role":"propaganda coordinator","confidence":"HIGH","isTarget":true,"eliminated":false\}],"selectedSuspectIdx":0,"invDays":4,"execDays":3,"baseBudget":8,"invDepts":["FOREIGN_OPS","HUMINT"],"execDepts":["FOREIGN_OPS","SPECIAL_OPS"],"opNarrative":"A covert snatch team inserts under civilian cover. Foreign Operations finalizes the capture plan using surveillance intelligence. Special Operations executes the apprehension at the identified window \'97 silent, fast, no escalation. The target is moved through a pre-staged safe house chain and exfiltrated via a clandestine route to a secure detention facility outside the host country. Legal exposure: zero.","initialReport":"Pattern-of-life data on RAPTOR in Mali is complete. Snatch window: a daily exercise route with minimal security coverage \'97 confirmed by surveillance. Foreign rendition authorized.","fullReport":"RENDITION BRIEF \'97 OP ROUGE TIDE\\n\\nTarget: RAPTOR. Mali operation.\\n\\na daily exercise route with minimal security coverage \'97 confirmed by surveillance \'97 window confirmed. Location: a hotel under a false booking. Security: light (3-man security detail) \'97 fully characterized by surveillance.\\n\\nExtraction: Route planned: overland through allied territory to a friendly border crossing \'97 viability unconfirmed. Transport: Transport: a charter aircraft pre-positioned at a secondary airfield \'97 pre-positioning confirmation pending.","successMsgs":["Foreign rendition complete. RAPTOR captured at a daily exercise route with minimal security coverage \'97 confirmed by surveillance in Bamako. Security light (3-man security detail) \'97 fully characterized by surveillance managed without escalation. Extraction via Route planned: overland through allied territory to a friendly border crossing \'97 viability unconfirmed succeeded. Target in secure transit.","RAPTOR successfully renditioned from Mali. Snatch window used as planned. Extraction route Route planned: overland through allied territory to a friendly border crossing \'97 viability unconfirmed clean. Transport Transport: a charter aircraft pre-positioned at a secondary airfield \'97 pre-positioning confirmation pending delivered target to secure facility.","Capture operation complete. RAPTOR (propaganda coordinator) taken at a hotel under a false booking. Security: light (3-man security detail) \'97 fully characterized by surveillance managed. Extraction: Route planned: overland through allied territory to a friendly border crossing \'97 viability unconfirmed. No attribution. Target in transit.","Rendition successful. RAPTOR taken from Bamako. Window: a daily exercise route with minimal security coverage \'97 confirmed by surveillance. Security managed. Extraction Route planned: overland through allied territory to a friendly border crossing \'97 viability unconfirmed via Transport: a charter aircraft pre-positioned at a secondary airfield \'97 pre-positioning confirmation pending. Zero attribution. Mali authorities unaware.","Foreign rendition complete. Target RAPTOR secured. Extraction from Mali successful via Route planned: overland through allied territory to a friendly border crossing \'97 viability unconfirmed. No witnesses, no trace, no attribution.","RAPTOR renditioned from a hotel under a false booking in Bamako. Security: light (3-man security detail) \'97 fully characterized by surveillance \'97 managed. Route: Route planned: overland through allied territory to a friendly border crossing \'97 viability unconfirmed. Transport: Transport: a charter aircraft pre-positioned at a secondary airfield \'97 pre-positioning confirmation pending. Clean operation with full deniability."],"failureMsgs":["Rendition team compromised before execution. RAPTOR was warned and departed a hotel under a false booking hours before the operation. Mali security forces may be aware.","Snatch attempt in Bamako failed. Security detail light (3-man security detail) \'97 fully characterized by surveillance was larger than assessed. Team extracted under contact. RAPTOR is now aware of the threat.","RAPTOR was not at the planned location during the a daily exercise route with minimal security coverage \'97 confirmed by surveillance. Target may have altered schedule. Foreign operation aborted.","Extraction route Route planned: overland through allied territory to a friendly border crossing \'97 viability unconfirmed was compromised. Team aborted capture. RAPTOR alerted and has increased security posture.","Snatch operation blown. Local security services were alerted before team could execute. RAPTOR now under protective security. International exposure risk elevated.","Team was identified on approach. Abort ordered. RAPTOR escaped. Mali authorities responding. Diplomatic exposure possible."],"confSuccess":[8,14],"confFail":[-12,-20],"intelFields":[\{"key":"snatch_window","label":"SNATCH WINDOW","value":"a daily exercise route with minimal security coverage \'97 confirmed by surveillance","revealed":true\},\{"key":"entry_route","label":"ENTRY ROUTE","value":"Entry plan confirmed and pre-staged","revealed":true\},\{"key":"security_detail","label":"SECURITY DETAIL","value":"light (3-man security detail) \'97 fully characterized by surveillance","revealed":true\},\{"key":"extraction_route","label":"EXTRACTION ROUTE","value":"Route planned: overland through allied territory to a friendly border crossing \'97 viability unconfirmed","revealed":true\},\{"key":"transport_asset","label":"TRANSPORT ASSET","value":"Transport: a charter aircraft pre-positioned at a secondary airfield \'97 pre-positioning confirmation pending","revealed":true\}],"intelBonus":false,"blown":false,"blownDaysLeft":0,"lastInvOutcome":"SUCCESS","agencyJustification":"The target is operating in a country with no extradition arrangement and a hostile intelligence environment. Legal prosecution is not feasible. The target holds critical intelligence value that cannot be obtained through any other means. Rendition authority has been personally authorized by the President. SAA covert operations teams are the only instrument capable of executing this action with full deniability.","linkedHvtId":"H40","isAbduction":true,"attachedEliteIds":["EU2","EU10"],"agencySupport":[],"debriefHtml":"<div class=\\"db-wrap db-success\\"><div class=\\"db-toggle\\" onclick=\\"this.parentElement.classList.toggle('db-open')\\"><span class=\\"db-toggle-arrow\\">&#9654;</span><span class=\\"db-toggle-label\\">FULL OPERATIONAL DEBRIEF</span></div><div class=\\"db-body\\"><div class=\\"db-classification\\">TOP SECRET // ORCON</div><div class=\\"db-title\\">AFTER-ACTION REPORT</div><div class=\\"db-subtitle\\">OP ROUGE TIDE \'97 OBJECTIVES ACHIEVED</div><div class=\\"db-section-title\\">DEPLOYED ASSETS</div><div class=\\"db-assets\\"><div class=\\"db-asset-row\\"><span class=\\"db-asset-dept\\">FOREIGN OPS</span><span class=\\"db-asset-type\\">cell \'97 PRIMARY</span></div><div class=\\"db-asset-row\\"><span class=\\"db-asset-dept\\">SPECIAL OPS</span><span class=\\"db-asset-type\\">strike unit \'97 PRIMARY</span></div><div class=\\"db-asset-row\\"><span class=\\"db-asset-dept\\">HUMINT</span><span class=\\"db-asset-type\\">handler \'97 SUPPORT</span></div><div class=\\"db-asset-row\\"><span class=\\"db-asset-dept\\">SIGINT</span><span class=\\"db-asset-type\\">intercept team \'97 SUPPORT</span></div><div class=\\"db-asset-row db-asset-elite\\"><span class=\\"db-asset-dept\\">Element RAPTOR \u9733 </span><span class=\\"db-asset-type\\">Special Activities \'97 ELITE</span></div><div class=\\"db-asset-row db-asset-elite\\"><span class=\\"db-asset-dept\\">Handler SHEPHERD</span><span class=\\"db-asset-type\\">Human Intelligence \'97 ELITE</span></div></div><div class=\\"db-meta\\">Budget committed: $4M \'b7 Pre-operation success assessment: 92%</div><div class=\\"db-section-title\\">OPERATION TIMELINE</div><div class=\\"db-day\\">27 OCT 2025</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0810Z</span> Intelligence package finalized. Target identity and location confirmed via SIGINT intercept of encrypted communications. Confidence level: HIGH.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">1130Z</span> FOREIGN OPS/SPECIAL OPS/HUMINT/SIGINT operational planning session. Assault plan developed based on site reconnaissance and target pattern-of-life data collected over the preceding 8 days.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">1340Z</span> Equipment staging and loadout. Specialized equipment for covert acquisition and transport prepared and inspected.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">1635Z</span> Element RAPTOR briefed on primary role: overwatch and sniper support.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">1710Z</span> Forward staging area established 9km from target location. Communications check completed. All elements confirmed operational.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-day\\">28 OCT 2025</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0820Z</span> Final surveillance pass of target location. Target confirmed present. Security detail observed: 1 armed individuals in a mobile escort configuration.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">1025Z</span> SIGINT confirmed target's phone active at location. Voice identification positive. Target is conducting personal calls \'97 appears relaxed.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">1315Z</span> Approach route finalized. Primary: foot infiltration through adjacent property. Alternate route briefed in case of compromise.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">1510Z</span> Weather forecast for execution window: Overcast, ceiling at 800ft. Assessment: FAVORABLE.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-day\\">30 OCT 2025</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0200Z</span> H-HOUR MINUS 60. Final intelligence update: target confirmed at location. No unusual activity detected. GO authorization confirmed.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0220Z</span> REAPER assault element departed staging area. Overcast, ceiling at 800ft. All teams moving to assigned positions.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0259Z</span> HUMINT handler maintained contact with a local asset providing real-time ground truth from inside the target area.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0305Z</span> SIGINT intercept team monitored all target communications throughout the operation.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0317Z</span> Outer security perimeter established. 3 escape routes blocked by SPECIAL OPS elements.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0329Z</span> H-HOUR. Element RAPTOR led breach element. Entry via stealth infiltration through rear access. Security detail neutralized within seconds.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0337Z</span> Target located in the basement. Subjects appeared shocked by the speed of entry. Compliance was immediate.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0343Z</span> Target positively identified via document verification. Identity confirmed: RAPTOR.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0347Z</span> Target sedated per medical protocol and transferred to prepared transport vehicle. Cover story for disappearance will be no cover \'97 clean disappearance.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0357Z</span> Site exploitation team entered. 25 minutes of rapid evidence collection. Items recovered: communications equipment including encrypted radios.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0401Z</span> Extraction commenced via commercial cover \'97 targets moved via civilian transport under guard. All teams departed area of operations. No pursuit detected. REAPER confirmed clean extraction.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0420Z</span> Target delivered to forward operating base for initial interrogation. Chain of custody documented. All FOREIGN OPS/SPECIAL OPS/HUMINT/SIGINT elements accounted for and RTB.</div><div class=\\"db-section-title\\">ASSESSMENT</div><div class=\\"db-assessment\\">High-value target RAPTOR has been successfully acquired in Bamako. The operation was executed by FOREIGN OPS cell, SPECIAL OPS strike unit, HUMINT handler, SIGINT intercept team with elite asset Element RAPTOR attached. Total operation time from breach to extraction: approximately 64 minutes. The target is now in secure custody and has indicated willingness to cooperate on certain topics. Seized materials from the target location are undergoing exploitation by the Analysis Bureau. Early assessment suggests significant intelligence value. Operational security was maintained. No attribution to SAA is expected. FOREIGN OPS/SPECIAL OPS/HUMINT/SIGINT performance rated OUTSTANDING.</div></div></div>","archivedDay":298\},\{"id":"M112","typeId":"DOMESTIC_TERROR","codename":"JADE BASTION","threat":4,"label":"DOMESTIC THREAT","category":"COUNTER-TERRORISM","location":"DOMESTIC","city":"Seattle","country":"United States","urgency":10,"urgencyLeft":1,"fillVars":\{"city":"Seattle","country":"United States","codename":"JADE BASTION","urgency_days":"10","agency":"SAA","leaderTitle":"the President","bureau_name":"BUREAU","agency_name":"AGENCY","military_name":"DIA","group":"radicalized nationals","attack_type":"a power grid disruption","target":"a crowded market","alias":"VIPER","cell_size":"2","casualties":"21","reliability":"SINGLE-SOURCE","cell_location":"Confirmed: Seattle a crowded market area \'97 building identified","cell_leader":"Alias \\"VIPER\\" \'97 identity unverified, single-source","attack_vector":"a power grid disruption \'97 method suspected, materials pattern consistent","attack_timeline":"10-day window \'97 attack assessed as imminent","arms_status":"Weapons acquisition complete \'97 ready to deploy"\},"isMultiPhase":false,"status":"ARCHIVED","assignedInvDept":null,"invDaysLeft":0,"assignedBudget":3,"assignedExecDepts":["FIELD_OPS","SPECIAL_OPS","HUMINT","SIGINT"],"execDaysLeft":0,"successProb":92,"resultMsg":"Operation successful. \\"VIPER\\" and 2 operatives apprehended. a power grid disruption threat eliminated.\\n\\nFull debriefing of the cell leader is underway. Early indications suggest the cell had foreign logistical support.","confDelta":16,"budgetDelta":0,"dayReceived":280,"phaseFalseFlag":false,"phaseFalseFlagText":"","phaseFalseFlagPenalty":false,"followUpSpawned":false,"suspects":[\{"alias":"FALCON","role":"low-value contact","confidence":"MODERATE","isTarget":false,"eliminated":true\},\{"alias":"WOLF","role":"suspected cell leader","confidence":"LOW","isTarget":true,"eliminated":false\}],"selectedSuspectIdx":1,"invDays":4,"execDays":3,"baseBudget":6,"invDepts":["ANALYSIS","HUMINT","SIGINT","FIELD_OPS"],"execDepts":["FIELD_OPS","SPECIAL_OPS"],"opNarrative":"Field teams establish a tactical perimeter and move to neutralize the cell. HUMINT assets provide real-time target guidance while SIGINT intercepts communications. Special Operations holds in reserve for direct-action if the cell is armed. A simultaneous multi-point breach minimizes the risk of suspects fleeing.","initialReport":"Credible threat report: radicalized nationals planning action against a crowded market. Timeline unknown. Source reliability: SINGLE-SOURCE.","fullReport":"INTELLIGENCE BRIEF \'97 OP JADE BASTION\\n\\nCell composition: 2 individuals confirmed. Additional members possible. Cell leader operating under alias \\"VIPER\\".\\n\\nObjective: a power grid disruption targeting a crowded market in Seattle.\\n\\nTimeline: window of 10 days remaining.\\n\\nAssessment: Threat credible. Immediate action recommended.","successMsgs":["Cell neutralized. \{cell_size\} suspects detained. Materials seized. Planned attack against \{target\} prevented. No civilian casualties.\\n\\nPost-operation assessment confirms the cell was days from executing. HUMINT source proved reliable throughout.","Operation successful. \\"\{alias\}\\" and \{cell_size\} operatives apprehended. \{attack_type\} threat eliminated.\\n\\nFull debriefing of the cell leader is underway. Early indications suggest the cell had foreign logistical support.","Cell dismantled. Attack on \{target\} prevented. \{cell_size\} suspects in custody, materials secured.\\n\\nForensic teams are exploiting seized devices. Preliminary review suggests links to other domestic networks.","Operation complete. \\"\{alias\}\\" captured. \{cell_size\} associates detained. \{attack_type\} capability seized and destroyed.\\n\\nThe attack had been weeks in planning. Disruption at this stage prevents significant casualties."],"failureMsgs":["Operation blown. Cell received advance warning and dispersed. \{attack_type\} against \{target\} proceeded \'97 \{casualties\} casualties reported.\\n\\nThe source of the operational leak is under investigation. The cell leader \\"\{alias\}\\" remains at large.","Insufficient intelligence led to premature deployment. Field teams arrived post-event. \{casualties\} casualties. Cell leader \\"\{alias\}\\" remains at large.","Raid failed to locate cell. \\"\{alias\}\\" had already relocated. \{attack_type\} threat remains active.\\n\\n\{casualties\} casualties confirmed. Security review of the intelligence chain initiated.","Deployment compromised. Cell was warned. \\"\{alias\}\\" and associates scattered across the region.\\n\\nThe attack on \{target\} may still be active. Counter-terrorism units placed on heightened readiness."],"confSuccess":[10,18],"confFail":[-18,-30],"intelFields":[\{"key":"cell_location","label":"CELL LOCATION","value":"Confirmed: Seattle a crowded market area \'97 building identified","revealed":true\},\{"key":"cell_leader","label":"CELL LEADER IDENTITY","value":"Alias \\"VIPER\\" \'97 identity unverified, single-source","revealed":true\},\{"key":"attack_vector","label":"ATTACK METHOD","value":"a power grid disruption \'97 method suspected, materials pattern consistent","revealed":true\},\{"key":"attack_timeline","label":"OPERATIONAL TIMELINE","value":"10-day window \'97 attack assessed as imminent","revealed":true\},\{"key":"arms_status","label":"WEAPONS STATUS","value":"Weapons acquisition complete \'97 ready to deploy","revealed":true\}],"intelBonus":true,"blown":false,"blownDaysLeft":0,"lastInvOutcome":"SUCCESS","agencyJustification":"The source intelligence is derived from a classified SIGINT program unavailable to law enforcement counterparts. Executive authority under covert actions legislation permits direct action outside normal judicial channels. SAA maintains the operational deniability that a standard arrest cannot provide.","geoEventId":"GE10","attachedEliteIds":["EU2","EU10"],"agencySupport":[],"debriefHtml":"<div class=\\"db-wrap db-success\\"><div class=\\"db-toggle\\" onclick=\\"this.parentElement.classList.toggle('db-open')\\"><span class=\\"db-toggle-arrow\\">&#9654;</span><span class=\\"db-toggle-label\\">FULL OPERATIONAL DEBRIEF</span></div><div class=\\"db-body\\"><div class=\\"db-classification\\">TOP SECRET // SCI</div><div class=\\"db-title\\">AFTER-ACTION REPORT</div><div class=\\"db-subtitle\\">OP JADE BASTION \'97 OBJECTIVES ACHIEVED</div><div class=\\"db-section-title\\">DEPLOYED ASSETS</div><div class=\\"db-assets\\"><div class=\\"db-asset-row\\"><span class=\\"db-asset-dept\\">FIELD OPS</span><span class=\\"db-asset-type\\">field team \'97 PRIMARY</span></div><div class=\\"db-asset-row\\"><span class=\\"db-asset-dept\\">SPECIAL OPS</span><span class=\\"db-asset-type\\">strike unit \'97 PRIMARY</span></div><div class=\\"db-asset-row\\"><span class=\\"db-asset-dept\\">HUMINT</span><span class=\\"db-asset-type\\">handler \'97 SUPPORT</span></div><div class=\\"db-asset-row\\"><span class=\\"db-asset-dept\\">SIGINT</span><span class=\\"db-asset-type\\">intercept team \'97 SUPPORT</span></div><div class=\\"db-asset-row db-asset-elite\\"><span class=\\"db-asset-dept\\">Element RAPTOR \u9733 </span><span class=\\"db-asset-type\\">Special Activities \'97 ELITE</span></div><div class=\\"db-asset-row db-asset-elite\\"><span class=\\"db-asset-dept\\">Handler SHEPHERD</span><span class=\\"db-asset-type\\">Human Intelligence \'97 ELITE</span></div></div><div class=\\"db-meta\\">Budget committed: $3M \'b7 Pre-operation success assessment: 92%</div><div class=\\"db-section-title\\">OPERATION TIMELINE</div><div class=\\"db-day\\">20 OCT 2025</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0915Z</span> DELTA team assembled at forward staging area. Operational briefing conducted by FIELD OPS/SPECIAL OPS/HUMINT/SIGINT command element. Weather assessment: Pre-dawn darkness, new moon.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">1130Z</span> Advance reconnaissance team deployed to Seattle. Confirmed target building visual. Building is a row house in residential neighborhood.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">1305Z</span> SIGINT intercept team established electronic surveillance perimeter. All target communications monitored in real-time. 6 active devices detected within the target structure.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">1615Z</span> Surveillance team (CONDOR) reported 2 individuals observed entering the building over a 2-hour period. Pattern consistent with cell meeting.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">1830Z</span> SPECIAL OPS element confirmed no counter-surveillance activity detected around the target area. Approach routes validated.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-day\\">22 OCT 2025</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0130Z</span> Final intelligence update received. All 2 subjects confirmed present at target location. GO authorization received from Director.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0201Z</span> DELTA assault element departed staging area. 5 vehicles in convoy. Radio silence enforced. ETA to target: 12 minutes.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0231Z</span> HUMINT source confirmed target disposition 57 minutes before H-hour, enabling final GO decision.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0240Z</span> SIGINT provided real-time electronic surveillance \'97 scanning radio frequencies and phone networks in the target area.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0251Z</span> Outer cordon established by FIELD OPS team. 4 positions covering all egress points. Local law enforcement discreetly diverted from the area of operations.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0303Z</span> Element RAPTOR led the primary assault element to breach point. Final equipment check completed. Weapons status confirmed.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0310Z</span> H-HOUR. Breach initiated via stealth infiltration through rear access. Subjects appeared shocked by the speed of entry. Compliance was immediate. Entry to target achieved in under 18 seconds.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0314Z</span> Ground floor cleared. 1 subjects detained in the main room. Element RAPTOR personally secured \\"VIPER\\" who was found hiding in a back room.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0322Z</span> Building fully cleared room by room. Total subjects detained: 2. One assault team member sustained a minor bruise during entry \'97 no medical treatment required.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0326Z</span> Sensitive site exploitation team entered the building. Evidence recovery initiated. Items catalogued on-site include: hard drives containing operational planning documents. Additionally recovered: surveillance photography of 4 potential targets.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0335Z</span> All 2 detainees processed, photographed, and biometrically registered. \\"VIPER\\" positively identified via facial recognition database match. Transport to secure holding facility arranged.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0349Z</span> Area of operations fully sanitized. No forensic evidence of agency involvement left on-site. DELTA team and all support elements returned to base. Operation concluded.</div><div class=\\"db-section-title\\">ASSESSMENT</div><div class=\\"db-assessment\\">The operation against the radicalized nationals cell in Seattle achieved all objectives. The planned a power grid disruption against a crowded market has been permanently disrupted. 2 operatives are in custody, including cell leader \\"VIPER\\". Intelligence exploitation of seized materials is the immediate priority \'97 hard drives containing operational planning documents are expected to yield significant insights into the wider network. Element RAPTOR performance during the breach phase was exemplary and directly contributed to the rapid, non-lethal subduing of the primary target. Operational security was maintained throughout. No media or public awareness of the operation has been detected. FIELD OPS/SPECIAL OPS/HUMINT/SIGINT coordination rated EXCELLENT. Recommend commendation for DELTA team leader.</div></div></div>","archivedDay":291\},\{"id":"M111","typeId":"HVT_ABDUCTION_DOM","codename":"CRIMSON STORM","threat":3,"label":"HVT ABDUCTION","category":"RENDITION OPS","location":"DOMESTIC","city":"Seattle","country":"United States","urgency":14,"urgencyLeft":5,"fillVars":\{"city":"Seattle","country":"United States","codename":"CRIMSON STORM","urgency_days":"14","agency":"SAA","leaderTitle":"the President","bureau_name":"BUREAU","agency_name":"AGENCY","military_name":"DIA","alias":"HAMMER","hvt_role":"cell coordinator","snatch_window":"Possible window: a regular unaccompanied appointment \'97 timing not yet fully confirmed","security_detail":"Security posture estimated: none \'97 target operating alone \'97 confirmation pending","extraction_route":"Extraction route planned: overland through pre-cleared checkpoints \'97 viability unconfirmed","transport_asset":"a pre-positioned ambulance cover vehicle \'97 confirmed and pre-positioned","location_detail":"a residential address under surveillance","entry_route":"Entry route confirmed \'97 access plan finalized","target_alias":"HAMMER","suspect_name":"HAMMER","target_role":"cell coordinator","rendition_role":"cell coordinator"\},"isMultiPhase":false,"status":"ARCHIVED","assignedInvDept":null,"invDaysLeft":0,"assignedBudget":5,"assignedExecDepts":["FIELD_OPS","SPECIAL_OPS","ANALYSIS","HUMINT","SIGINT"],"execDaysLeft":0,"successProb":92,"resultMsg":"Target HAMMER successfully renditioned. Security: Security posture estimated: none \'97 target operating alone \'97 confirmation pending. Window Possible window: a regular unaccompanied appointment \'97 timing not yet fully confirmed used as planned. Extracted via Extraction route planned: overland through pre-cleared checkpoints \'97 viability unconfirmed using a pre-positioned ambulance cover vehicle \'97 confirmed and pre-positioned. No public exposure.","confDelta":7,"budgetDelta":0,"dayReceived":274,"phaseFalseFlag":false,"phaseFalseFlagText":"","phaseFalseFlagPenalty":false,"followUpSpawned":false,"suspects":[\{"alias":"HAMMER","role":"cell coordinator","confidence":"HIGH","isTarget":true,"eliminated":false\}],"selectedSuspectIdx":0,"invDays":3,"execDays":3,"baseBudget":10,"invDepts":["FIELD_OPS","HUMINT"],"execDepts":["FIELD_OPS","SPECIAL_OPS"],"opNarrative":"A snatch team deploys based on the established surveillance picture. Field Operations identifies the optimal window from the pattern-of-life data; Special Operations executes the capture at a moment of minimum security exposure. The target is taken silently \'97 no weapons discharge, no witnesses, no public trace. The extraction chain moves through pre-staged safe houses before reaching the secure detention facility.","initialReport":"Target HAMMER (cell coordinator) \'97 domestic capture operation ready. Window: Possible window: a regular unaccompanied appointment \'97 timing not yet fully confirmed. Security: Security posture estimated: none \'97 target operating alone \'97 confirmation pending. Route: Extraction route planned: overland through pre-cleared checkpoints \'97 viability unconfirmed.","fullReport":"RENDITION BRIEF \'97 OP CRIMSON STORM\\n\\nTarget HAMMER (cell coordinator) \'97 abduction window confirmed.\\n\\nSurveillance data: location a residential address under surveillance, window Possible window: a regular unaccompanied appointment \'97 timing not yet fully confirmed, security Security posture estimated: none \'97 target operating alone \'97 confirmation pending.\\n\\nCapture team briefed. Extraction: Extraction route planned: overland through pre-cleared checkpoints \'97 viability unconfirmed. Transport: a pre-positioned ambulance cover vehicle \'97 confirmed and pre-positioned.","successMsgs":["Abduction successful. HAMMER taken at Possible window: a regular unaccompanied appointment \'97 timing not yet fully confirmed. Target incapacitated before any alarm was raised. Extraction via Extraction route planned: overland through pre-cleared checkpoints \'97 viability unconfirmed completed without incident. HAMMER now in transit to secure detention facility.","HAMMER captured and extracted. Snatch team encountered Security posture estimated: none \'97 target operating alone \'97 confirmation pending \'97 managed without incident. Extraction route Extraction route planned: overland through pre-cleared checkpoints \'97 viability unconfirmed clear. Transport: a pre-positioned ambulance cover vehicle \'97 confirmed and pre-positioned. Target in secure custody.","Rendition complete. HAMMER detained at Possible window: a regular unaccompanied appointment \'97 timing not yet fully confirmed. Location: a residential address under surveillance. No public trace. Extraction via Extraction route planned: overland through pre-cleared checkpoints \'97 viability unconfirmed. a pre-positioned ambulance cover vehicle \'97 confirmed and pre-positioned delivered target to secure facility.","Domestic rendition successful. HAMMER \'97 cell coordinator \'97 in secure custody. Capture window used effectively. No witnesses. Extraction Extraction route planned: overland through pre-cleared checkpoints \'97 viability unconfirmed completed cleanly.","Snatch operation complete. HAMMER captured at a residential address under surveillance during Possible window: a regular unaccompanied appointment \'97 timing not yet fully confirmed. Security Security posture estimated: none \'97 target operating alone \'97 confirmation pending managed. Extraction Extraction route planned: overland through pre-cleared checkpoints \'97 viability unconfirmed \'97 clean and unattributed.","Target HAMMER successfully renditioned. Security: Security posture estimated: none \'97 target operating alone \'97 confirmation pending. Window Possible window: a regular unaccompanied appointment \'97 timing not yet fully confirmed used as planned. Extracted via Extraction route planned: overland through pre-cleared checkpoints \'97 viability unconfirmed using a pre-positioned ambulance cover vehicle \'97 confirmed and pre-positioned. No public exposure."],"failureMsgs":["Abduction attempt failed. HAMMER was not alone during the planned snatch window. Team aborted to avoid witnesses. Target is now aware of hostile interest.","Rendition compromised. Security posture estimated: none \'97 target operating alone \'97 confirmation pending proved more substantial than assessed. Team extracted under duress. HAMMER has fled the area.","HAMMER was not at a residential address under surveillance during the snatch window. Target appears to have altered routine. Opportunity lost.","Extraction route Extraction route planned: overland through pre-cleared checkpoints \'97 viability unconfirmed was compromised. Team aborted the operation. HAMMER alerted. Cover may be blown.","Snatch attempt triggered a local police response before target was secured. Team broke off. HAMMER has gone to ground.","Target HAMMER conducted a counter-surveillance route that coincided with the planned snatch window. Operation aborted. HAMMER location now unknown."],"confSuccess":[6,12],"confFail":[-10,-18],"intelFields":[\{"key":"snatch_window","label":"SNATCH WINDOW","value":"Possible window: a regular unaccompanied appointment \'97 timing not yet fully confirmed","revealed":true\},\{"key":"entry_route","label":"ENTRY ROUTE","value":"Entry route confirmed \'97 access plan finalized","revealed":true\},\{"key":"security_detail","label":"SECURITY DETAIL","value":"Security posture estimated: none \'97 target operating alone \'97 confirmation pending","revealed":true\},\{"key":"extraction_route","label":"EXTRACTION ROUTE","value":"Extraction route planned: overland through pre-cleared checkpoints \'97 viability unconfirmed","revealed":true\},\{"key":"transport_asset","label":"TRANSPORT ASSET","value":"a pre-positioned ambulance cover vehicle \'97 confirmed and pre-positioned","revealed":true\}],"intelBonus":true,"blown":false,"blownDaysLeft":0,"lastInvOutcome":"CRITICAL_SUCCESS","agencyJustification":"The target is a known threat actor operating on domestic soil with no prosecutable evidence trail. Formal arrest would expose classified source methods and trigger a legal challenge the prosecution cannot survive. SAA covert rendition authority permits detention outside the judicial system in cases where the intelligence value and operational necessity justify the action.","linkedHvtId":"H45","isAbduction":true,"attachedEliteIds":["EU7"],"agencySupport":[],"debriefHtml":"<div class=\\"db-wrap db-success\\"><div class=\\"db-toggle\\" onclick=\\"this.parentElement.classList.toggle('db-open')\\"><span class=\\"db-toggle-arrow\\">&#9654;</span><span class=\\"db-toggle-label\\">FULL OPERATIONAL DEBRIEF</span></div><div class=\\"db-body\\"><div class=\\"db-classification\\">TOP SECRET // ORCON</div><div class=\\"db-title\\">AFTER-ACTION REPORT</div><div class=\\"db-subtitle\\">OP CRIMSON STORM \'97 OBJECTIVES ACHIEVED</div><div class=\\"db-section-title\\">DEPLOYED ASSETS</div><div class=\\"db-assets\\"><div class=\\"db-asset-row\\"><span class=\\"db-asset-dept\\">FIELD OPS</span><span class=\\"db-asset-type\\">field team \'97 PRIMARY</span></div><div class=\\"db-asset-row\\"><span class=\\"db-asset-dept\\">SPECIAL OPS</span><span class=\\"db-asset-type\\">strike unit \'97 PRIMARY</span></div><div class=\\"db-asset-row\\"><span class=\\"db-asset-dept\\">ANALYSIS</span><span class=\\"db-asset-type\\">desk \'97 SUPPORT</span></div><div class=\\"db-asset-row\\"><span class=\\"db-asset-dept\\">HUMINT</span><span class=\\"db-asset-type\\">handler \'97 SUPPORT</span></div><div class=\\"db-asset-row\\"><span class=\\"db-asset-dept\\">SIGINT</span><span class=\\"db-asset-type\\">intercept team \'97 SUPPORT</span></div><div class=\\"db-asset-row db-asset-elite\\"><span class=\\"db-asset-dept\\">Station FREQUENCY \u9733 </span><span class=\\"db-asset-type\\">Signals Intelligence \'97 ELITE</span></div></div><div class=\\"db-meta\\">Budget committed: $5M \'b7 Pre-operation success assessment: 92%</div><div class=\\"db-section-title\\">OPERATION TIMELINE</div><div class=\\"db-day\\">15 OCT 2025</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0715Z</span> Intelligence package finalized. Target identity and location confirmed via pattern-of-life analysis over 14 days. Confidence level: HIGH.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0805Z</span> FIELD OPS/SPECIAL OPS/ANALYSIS/HUMINT/SIGINT operational planning session. Assault plan developed based on site reconnaissance and target pattern-of-life data collected over the preceding 15 days.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">1120Z</span> Equipment staging and loadout. Specialized equipment for covert acquisition and transport prepared and inspected.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">1255Z</span> Station FREQUENCY established remote operations link. Assigned role: pattern analysis and threat assessment throughout execution.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">1340Z</span> Forward staging area established 10km from target location. Communications check completed. All elements confirmed operational.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-day\\">16 OCT 2025</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0520Z</span> Final surveillance pass of target location. Target confirmed present. Security detail observed: 1 armed individuals in a rotating patrol.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0825Z</span> SIGINT confirmed target's phone active at location. Voice identification positive. Target is conducting no calls \'97 device on standby.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">1110Z</span> Approach route finalized. Primary: foot infiltration through adjacent property. Alternate route briefed in case of compromise.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">1210Z</span> Weather forecast for execution window: Light rain, intermittent. Assessment: ACCEPTABLE.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-day\\">18 OCT 2025</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0115Z</span> H-HOUR MINUS 60. Final intelligence update: target confirmed at location. No unusual activity detected. GO authorization confirmed.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0142Z</span> HAMMER assault element departed staging area. Light rain, intermittent. All teams moving to assigned positions.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0200Z</span> ANALYSIS desk maintained the common operating picture \'97 fusing HUMINT, SIGINT, and field reporting.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0208Z</span> HUMINT source confirmed target disposition 89 minutes before H-hour, enabling final GO decision.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0213Z</span> SIGINT intercept team monitored all target communications throughout the operation.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0218Z</span> Outer security perimeter established. 3 escape routes blocked by SPECIAL OPS elements.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0230Z</span> H-HOUR. Breach initiated via diversionary blast on east wall with primary entry from the west. Station FREQUENCY confirmed all sensor feeds active \'97 providing overwatch from the operations center. Security detail engaged and suppressed.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0233Z</span> Target located in a meeting room with associates. Minimal resistance. One subject attempted to flee on foot but was tackled by perimeter team.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0244Z</span> Target positively identified via fingerprint match. Identity confirmed: HAMMER.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0248Z</span> Target sedated per medical protocol and transferred to prepared transport vehicle. Cover story for disappearance will be a staged domestic dispute.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0255Z</span> Site exploitation team entered. 12 minutes of rapid evidence collection. Items recovered: surveillance photography of 4 potential targets.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0306Z</span> Extraction commenced via ground vehicle convoy using three armored SUVs. All teams departed area of operations. No pursuit detected. HAMMER confirmed clean extraction.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0324Z</span> Target delivered to agency black site. Chain of custody documented. All FIELD OPS/SPECIAL OPS/ANALYSIS/HUMINT/SIGINT elements accounted for and RTB.</div><div class=\\"db-section-title\\">ASSESSMENT</div><div class=\\"db-assessment\\">High-value target HAMMER has been successfully acquired in Seattle. The operation was executed by FIELD OPS field team, SPECIAL OPS strike unit, ANALYSIS desk, HUMINT handler, SIGINT intercept team with elite asset Station FREQUENCY attached. Total operation time from breach to extraction: approximately 32 minutes. The target is now in secure custody and initial tactical questioning has begun. Seized materials from the target location are undergoing exploitation by the Analysis Bureau. Early assessment suggests communications that could compromise additional operatives. Operational security was maintained. No attribution to SAA is expected. FIELD OPS/SPECIAL OPS/ANALYSIS/HUMINT/SIGINT performance rated OUTSTANDING.</div></div></div>","archivedDay":286\},\{"id":"M110","typeId":"FAVOR_AGENCY_RENDITION","codename":"GHOST SOVEREIGN","threat":5,"label":"AGENCY FAVOR: RENDITION","category":"AGENCY FAVOR","location":"FOREIGN","city":"Shanghai","country":"China","urgency":12,"urgencyLeft":3,"fillVars":\{"city":"Shanghai","country":"China","codename":"GHOST SOVEREIGN","urgency_days":"12","agency":"SAA","leaderTitle":"the President","bureau_name":"BUREAU","agency_name":"AGENCY","military_name":"DIA","alias":"NEMESIS","rendition_role":"a rogue technology broker","agency_case":"a hostile state proxy dismantlement program","diplomatic_constraint":"subject's country of origin would invoke diplomatic immunity","rendition_outcome":"WMD network leadership disrupted.","target_location_a":"NEMESIS in Shanghai area \'97 AGENCY location unconfirmed at street level","capture_window_a":"Window estimated: 12 days \'97 AGENCY assessment","agency_support_fi":"AGENCY station providing full intel support \'97 asset network active","diplomatic_field":"Diplomatic constraint: subject's country of origin would invoke diplomatic immunity \'97 details limited"\},"isMultiPhase":false,"status":"ARCHIVED","assignedInvDept":null,"invDaysLeft":0,"assignedBudget":4,"assignedExecDepts":["FOREIGN_OPS","SPECIAL_OPS","HUMINT","ANALYSIS","SIGINT"],"execDaysLeft":0,"successProb":92,"resultMsg":"AGENCY rendition favor complete. NEMESIS captured and delivered through AGENCY chain. WMD network leadership disrupted.. AGENCY has confirmed receipt and noted the favor.","confDelta":7,"budgetDelta":0,"dayReceived":270,"phaseFalseFlag":false,"phaseFalseFlagText":"","phaseFalseFlagPenalty":false,"followUpSpawned":false,"suspects":[],"selectedSuspectIdx":null,"invDays":3,"execDays":4,"baseBudget":9,"invDepts":["FOREIGN_OPS","HUMINT","SIGINT"],"execDepts":["FOREIGN_OPS","SPECIAL_OPS"],"opNarrative":"An AGENCY-supported snatch operation deploys through covert channels. Foreign Operations handles the capture while AGENCY personnel provide intelligence support from in-country station resources. The target is rendered through an AGENCY-managed exfil chain to a secure processing facility. SAA's role remains invisible \'97 AGENCY takes credit, and remembers the assist.","initialReport":"AGENCY favor: covert rendition of NEMESIS from Shanghai, China. Window: 12 days. AGENCY will handle downstream processing.","fullReport":"AGENCY RENDITION BRIEF \'97 OP GHOST SOVEREIGN\\n\\nNEMESIS (a rogue technology broker) \'97 China rendition requested by AGENCY.\\n\\nCase: a hostile state proxy dismantlement program. Constraint: subject's country of origin would invoke diplomatic immunity.\\n\\nAGENCY intel support provided. Our teams execute. Extraction via AGENCY-managed chain. Favor to be acknowledged.","successMsgs":["\{agency_name\} rendition favor complete. \{alias\} captured and delivered through \{agency_name\} chain. \{rendition_outcome\}. \{agency_name\} has confirmed receipt and noted the favor.","Rendition successful. \{alias\} (\{rendition_role\}) rendered from \{country\}. \{rendition_outcome\}. \{agency_name\} liaison acknowledged the assist \'97 relation improved.","Favor fulfilled. \{alias\} taken from \{city\} and passed to \{agency_name\} custody. \{rendition_outcome\}. \{agency_name\} will remember this.","\{agency_name\} favor complete. \{alias\} successfully rendered. \{rendition_outcome\}. \{agency_name\} relation strengthened. Back-channel acknowledgement received.","Rendition operation complete. \{alias\} in \{agency_name\} custody. \{rendition_outcome\}. Diplomatic constraint bypassed without incident.","\{agency_name\} favor fulfilled. \{alias\} \'97 \{rendition_role\} \'97 rendered and processed. \{rendition_outcome\}. \{agency_name\} relation payoff confirmed."],"failureMsgs":["Rendition failed. \{alias\} was not at the confirmed location. \{agency_name\} disappointed. Diplomatic window may have already closed.","Capture team compromised. \{alias\} fled before the operation could execute. \{country\} security forces responding. \{agency_name\} favor not fulfilled.","\{agency_name\} rendition blown. \{alias\} apparently had advance warning. Operation aborted. \{agency_name\} relation strained.","\{alias\} invoked diplomatic protection before capture could be executed. Legal complications triggered. \{agency_name\} favor incomplete.","Rendition window closed before team could act. \{alias\} departed \{country\}. \{agency_name\} favor not delivered.","Operation compromised by unknown source. \{alias\} warned and evacuated. \{agency_name\} disappointed. Investigation into leak ordered."],"confSuccess":[7,13],"confFail":[-8,-16],"intelFields":[\{"key":"target_location_a","label":"TARGET LOCATION","value":"NEMESIS in Shanghai area \'97 AGENCY location unconfirmed at street level","revealed":true\},\{"key":"capture_window_a","label":"CAPTURE WINDOW","value":"Window estimated: 12 days \'97 AGENCY assessment","revealed":true\},\{"key":"agency_support_fi","label":"AGENCY SUPPORT","value":"AGENCY station providing full intel support \'97 asset network active","revealed":true\},\{"key":"diplomatic_field","label":"DIPLOMATIC STATUS","value":"Diplomatic constraint: subject's country of origin would invoke diplomatic immunity \'97 details limited","revealed":true\}],"intelBonus":false,"blown":false,"blownDaysLeft":0,"lastInvOutcome":"FAILURE","agencyJustification":"AGENCY requires a high-priority subject rendered and processed before diplomatic complications arise. Subject holds diplomatic-adjacent cover that legal proceedings cannot pierce. SAA covert rendition capability is the only instrument that can execute this capture within the operational window without triggering the diplomatic protections the subject would invoke.","favorOf":"AGENCY","favorAgencyName":"The Agency (CIA)","attachedEliteIds":["EU2","EU13"],"agencySupport":[],"debriefHtml":"<div class=\\"db-wrap db-success\\"><div class=\\"db-toggle\\" onclick=\\"this.parentElement.classList.toggle('db-open')\\"><span class=\\"db-toggle-arrow\\">&#9654;</span><span class=\\"db-toggle-label\\">FULL OPERATIONAL DEBRIEF</span></div><div class=\\"db-body\\"><div class=\\"db-classification\\">TOP SECRET // NOFORN</div><div class=\\"db-title\\">AFTER-ACTION REPORT</div><div class=\\"db-subtitle\\">OP GHOST SOVEREIGN \'97 OBJECTIVES ACHIEVED</div><div class=\\"db-section-title\\">DEPLOYED ASSETS</div><div class=\\"db-assets\\"><div class=\\"db-asset-row\\"><span class=\\"db-asset-dept\\">FOREIGN OPS</span><span class=\\"db-asset-type\\">cell \'97 PRIMARY</span></div><div class=\\"db-asset-row\\"><span class=\\"db-asset-dept\\">SPECIAL OPS</span><span class=\\"db-asset-type\\">strike unit \'97 PRIMARY</span></div><div class=\\"db-asset-row\\"><span class=\\"db-asset-dept\\">HUMINT</span><span class=\\"db-asset-type\\">handler \'97 SUPPORT</span></div><div class=\\"db-asset-row\\"><span class=\\"db-asset-dept\\">ANALYSIS</span><span class=\\"db-asset-type\\">desk \'97 SUPPORT</span></div><div class=\\"db-asset-row\\"><span class=\\"db-asset-dept\\">SIGINT</span><span class=\\"db-asset-type\\">intercept team \'97 SUPPORT</span></div><div class=\\"db-asset-row db-asset-elite\\"><span class=\\"db-asset-dept\\">Element RAPTOR \u9733 </span><span class=\\"db-asset-type\\">Special Activities \'97 ELITE</span></div><div class=\\"db-asset-row db-asset-elite\\"><span class=\\"db-asset-dept\\">Cell PASSAGE</span><span class=\\"db-asset-type\\">Foreign Operations \'97 ELITE</span></div></div><div class=\\"db-meta\\">Budget committed: $4M \'b7 Pre-operation success assessment: 92%</div><div class=\\"db-section-title\\">OPERATION TIMELINE</div><div class=\\"db-day\\">12 OCT 2025</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0715Z</span> The Agency (CIA) rendition request received. Target: NEMESIS in Shanghai, China.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0955Z</span> FOREIGN OPS/SPECIAL OPS/HUMINT/ANALYSIS/SIGINT rendition team assembled. HAMMER designated as acquisition lead. Target pattern of life reviewed \'97 acquisition window identified.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">1010Z</span> Specialized equipment staged: false identity documents.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">1100Z</span> Element RAPTOR attached to acquisition team. Assigned: target handling and close protection.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-day\\">16 OCT 2025</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0200Z</span> Final confirmation: target following predicted routine. HAMMER team deployed to acquisition point. Drizzle, wet surfaces.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0232Z</span> Acquisition executed at a quiet side street during target's morning walk. Target approached by operatives posing as local police. Complied with instructions.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0311Z</span> HUMINT handler maintained contact with a local asset providing real-time ground truth from inside the target area.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0323Z</span> ANALYSIS ran continuous risk modeling throughout the operation, flagging anomalies to the field commander.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0329Z</span> SIGINT intercept team monitored all target communications throughout the operation.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0334Z</span> Counter-surveillance confirmed: acquisition was clean. Target's phone placed in Faraday bag.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0345Z</span> Target transported to a regional airstrip. Handoff to The Agency (CIA) completed. Chain of custody documented.</div>\\n<div class=\\"db-event\\"><span class=\\"db-time\\">0356Z</span> All FOREIGN OPS/SPECIAL OPS/HUMINT/ANALYSIS/SIGINT elements extracted. Operational sites sanitized.</div><div class=\\"db-section-title\\">ASSESSMENT</div><div class=\\"db-assessment\\">Target NEMESIS has been successfully rendered from Shanghai per The Agency (CIA) request. Acquisition was clean \'97 no witnesses, no compromise, no attribution. Element RAPTOR ensured smooth target handling throughout the operation. Target is now in The Agency (CIA) custody. This successful rendition strengthens the inter-agency relationship.</div></div></div>","archivedDay":284\}],"depts":\{"ANALYSIS":\{"id":"ANALYSIS","name":"Analysis Bureau","short":"ANALYSIS","unitName":"desks","unitNameSingle":"desk","capacity":14\},"HUMINT":\{"id":"HUMINT","name":"Human Intelligence","short":"HUMINT","unitName":"handlers","unitNameSingle":"handler","capacity":9\},"SIGINT":\{"id":"SIGINT","name":"Signals Intelligence","short":"SIGINT","unitName":"intercept teams","unitNameSingle":"intercept team","capacity":10\},"FIELD_OPS":\{"id":"FIELD_OPS","name":"Field Operations","short":"FIELD OPS","unitName":"field teams","unitNameSingle":"field team","capacity":10\},"SPECIAL_OPS":\{"id":"SPECIAL_OPS","name":"Special Activities","short":"SPECIAL OPS","unitName":"strike units","unitNameSingle":"strike unit","capacity":6\},"FOREIGN_OPS":\{"id":"FOREIGN_OPS","name":"Foreign Operations","short":"FOREIGN OPS","unitName":"cells","unitNameSingle":"cell","capacity":10\},"COUNTER_INTEL":\{"id":"COUNTER_INTEL","name":"Counter-Intelligence","short":"COUNTER-INTEL","unitName":"officers","unitNameSingle":"officer","capacity":10\}\},"log":[\{"text":"D324: OP CORAL BASTION launched. $5M \'b7 6 dept(s) \'b7 ETA 4d.","cls":"log-info"\},\{"text":"D324: Investigation complete: OP CORAL BASTION \'97 1 intel field(s) revealed [FAILURE].","cls":"log-info"\},\{"text":"D324: OP THORN BARRACUDA: CRITICAL SUCCESS \'97 all intel confirmed. Execution bonus +10%.","cls":"log-success"\},\{"text":"D323: Human Intelligence assigned to OP NOBLE INFERNO. Est. 3 days.","cls":"log-info"\},\{"text":"D323: Human Intelligence assigned to OP COBALT STALKER. Est. 4 days.","cls":"log-info"\},\{"text":"D323: Network expansion operation authorized: Western Europe theater. OP COBALT STALKER.","cls":"log-info"\},\{"text":"D323: New mission received: OP COBALT STALKER [NETWORK EXPANSION]","cls":""\},\{"text":"D323: Network expansion operation authorized: Latin America theater. OP NOBLE INFERNO.","cls":"log-info"\},\{"text":"D323: New mission received: OP NOBLE INFERNO [NETWORK EXPANSION]","cls":""\},\{"text":"D323: Foreign Operations assigned to OP TITANIUM BEACON. Est. 3 days.","cls":"log-info"\},\{"text":"D323: Station WAVE (Signals Intelligence) honorably retired from active duty.","cls":"log-info"\},\{"text":"D323: ELITE UNIT DISTINGUISHED: Station WAVE (Signals Intelligence) has proven exceptional during OP BROKEN DAGGER. Added to agency roster.","cls":"log-success"\},\{"text":"D323: SUCCESS: OP BROKEN DAGGER. +11% confidence, +1 Intel.","cls":"log-success"\},\{"text":"D323: +6 XP \'97 OP BROKEN DAGGER success.","cls":"log-xp"\},\{"text":"D323: Investigation complete: OP TITANIUM BEACON \'97 2 intel field(s) revealed [PARTIAL].","cls":"log-info"\},\{"text":"D322: OP AMBER SERPENT [ESTABLISH] launched. $3M \'b7 4 dept(s) \'b7 1 elite unit(s) \'b7 ETA 5d.","cls":"log-info"\},\{"text":"D322: OP BROKEN DAGGER launched. $1M \'b7 5 dept(s) \'b7 1 elite unit(s) \'b7 ETA 1d.","cls":"log-info"\},\{"text":"D322: Foreign Operations assigned to OP THORN BARRACUDA. Est. 2 days.","cls":"log-info"\},\{"text":"D322: Infiltrated assets produced +3 Intel this week.","cls":"log-info"\},\{"text":"D322: EVENT: Foreign service identified and expelled a HUMINT asset. Handler recalled. Capacity -1 for 4 days.","cls":"log-fail"\},\{"text":"D322: Weekly briefing: Confidence -2%. Budget +$12M.","cls":"log-warn"\},\{"text":"D322: OP AMBER SERPENT: CRITICAL SUCCESS \'97 all intel confirmed. Execution bonus +10%.","cls":"log-success"\},\{"text":"D322: OP BROKEN DAGGER: CRITICAL SUCCESS \'97 all intel confirmed. Execution bonus +10%.","cls":"log-success"\},\{"text":"D322: Investigation complete: OP THORN BARRACUDA \'97 4 intel field(s) revealed [SUCCESS].","cls":"log-info"\},\{"text":"D321: OP CIPHER PINNACLE launched. $1M \'b7 5 dept(s) \'b7 2 elite unit(s) \'b7 ETA 4d.","cls":"log-info"\},\{"text":"D321: Field Operations assigned to OP CORAL BASTION. Est. 3 days.","cls":"log-info"\},\{"text":"D321: Investigation complete: OP CIPHER PINNACLE \'97 2 intel field(s) revealed [SUCCESS].","cls":"log-info"\},\{"text":"D321: Investigation complete: OP CORAL BASTION \'97 2 intel field(s) revealed [PARTIAL].","cls":"log-info"\},\{"text":"D320: Foreign Operations assigned to OP THORN BARRACUDA. Est. 2 days.","cls":"log-info"\},\{"text":"D320: Foreign Operations assigned to OP TITANIUM BEACON. Est. 3 days.","cls":"log-info"\},\{"text":"D320: New mission spawned for target SOLSTICE: OP TITANIUM BEACON.","cls":"log-info"\},\{"text":"D320: New mission received: OP TITANIUM BEACON [FOREIGN HVT SURVEILLANCE]","cls":""\},\{"text":"D320: Interrogation session 3/3: RAPTOR yielded intelligence (+5 Intel). New target revealed: \\"SOLSTICE\\" \'97 financial facilitator.","cls":"log-info"\},\{"text":"D320: New mission spawned for target CURARE: OP THORN BARRACUDA.","cls":"log-info"\},\{"text":"D320: New mission received: OP THORN BARRACUDA [FOREIGN RENDITION]","cls":""\},\{"text":"D320: SUCCESS: OP OPAL SQUALL. +7% confidence, +2 Intel.","cls":"log-success"\},\{"text":"D320: Surveillance established on CURARE.","cls":"log-info"\},\{"text":"D320: +9 XP \'97 OP OPAL SQUALL success.","cls":"log-xp"\},\{"text":"D319: GEO: Latin America: hostile service operations becoming more aggressive. Allied networks under sustained pressure.","cls":"log-info"\},\{"text":"D318: Human Intelligence assigned to OP AMBER SERPENT (ESTABLISH). Est. 4 days.","cls":"log-info"\},\{"text":"D318: OP AMBER SERPENT: Proceeding to Phase 3: Establish Network.","cls":"log-info"\},\{"text":"D318: Field Operations assigned to OP CIPHER PINNACLE. Est. 3 days.","cls":"log-info"\},\{"text":"D318: Field Operations assigned to OP CORAL BASTION. Est. 3 days.","cls":"log-info"\},\{"text":"D318: PHASE COMPLETE: OP AMBER SERPENT \'97 EMBED. Proceeding.","cls":"log-info"\},\{"text":"D318: Investigation complete: OP CIPHER PINNACLE \'97 2 intel field(s) revealed [PARTIAL].","cls":"log-info"\},\{"text":"D318: Investigation complete: OP CORAL BASTION \'97 2 intel field(s) revealed [PARTIAL].","cls":"log-info"\},\{"text":"D316: Counter-Intelligence assigned to OP BROKEN DAGGER. Est. 6 days.","cls":"log-info"\},\{"text":"D316: SUCCESS: OP SHADOW STORM. +3% confidence, +2 Intel.","cls":"log-success"\},\{"text":"D316: +9 XP \'97 OP SHADOW STORM success.","cls":"log-xp"\},\{"text":"D316: Investigation complete: OP BROKEN DAGGER \'97 1 intel field(s) revealed [FAILURE].","cls":"log-info"\}],"selected":"M124","opsCompleted":106,"opsSucceeded":94,"missionIdCounter":127,"usedCodenames":\{"__set__":true,"values":["GOLDEN SPECTER","GHOST STORM","DARK WRAITH","MIDNIGHT WARLOCK","IRON ORACLE","SILENT BASTION","BLACK FALCON","COPPER BLADE","SHADOW LANCE","STONE HAWK","MIDNIGHT SPECTER","AMBER FALCON","WHITE GAVEL","STEEL SPECTER","BLACK SERPENT","FROZEN RAVEN","AZURE REAPER","CHROME ARROW","COPPER WARDEN","COLD WRAITH","GRANITE CITADEL","HOLLOW TOWER","ROUGE ANVIL","FALLEN PHANTOM","SWIFT STAR","BROKEN CITADEL","WHITE GATE","CHROME CITADEL","BLACK MANTIS","INDIGO TIDE","AZURE ORACLE","GHOST DAWN","IRON DAGGER","GHOST PHANTOM","GRANITE HAWK","VIOLET FIST","JADE WARLOCK","GOLDEN ARROW","CRIMSON CITADEL","TITAN TEMPEST","AMBER PHANTOM","TITAN GATE","TITAN ARROW","GOLDEN MANTIS","ONYX DAGGER","ROUGE CROWN","DARK ANVIL","GHOST MIRROR","STERLING DAGGER","INDIGO VECTOR","CRIMSON ANVIL","ONYX GAVEL","COBALT WOLF","COLD STAR","OBSIDIAN WARLOCK","SILVER ARROW","SILVER GAVEL","GRANITE CROWN","MIDNIGHT STORM","VIOLET ORACLE","INDIGO LANCE","ONYX LANCE","EMBER VEIL","HOLLOW REAPER","STEEL SERPENT","SILVER REAPER","IRON HAWK","ROUGE SOVEREIGN","STERLING TEMPEST","ONYX DAWN","SHADOW WRAITH","BURNING WARLOCK","CRIMSON BLADE","MIDNIGHT ARROW","JADE PHANTOM","HOLLOW DAWN","STEEL MANTIS","OBSIDIAN TEMPLAR","AMBER RAVEN","ONYX HAWK","CHROME FALCON","GHOST WARDEN","GOLDEN CITADEL","COPPER HAWK","DARK STORM","STONE CROWN","SILVER CONDOR","BLACK CITADEL","SWIFT WOLF","FROZEN ANVIL","IRON DAWN","BLIND BASTION","BLIND ANVIL","GHOST SERPENT","DARK WARDEN","OBSIDIAN ANVIL","FROZEN ARROW","COBALT CROSSBOW","SHADOW GATE","BLIND GAVEL","JADE VECTOR","FROZEN TEMPLAR","SCARLET SHIELD","AZURE SOVEREIGN","TITAN RAVEN","MIDNIGHT DAWN","WHITE TEMPLAR","COPPER BASTION","STERLING HAWK","GHOST SOVEREIGN","CRIMSON STORM","JADE BASTION","ROUGE TIDE","SHADOW GAVEL","THORN SHIELD","AMBER SERPENT","SHADOW STORM","BROKEN DAGGER","THORN BASTION","JADE TIDE"]\},"nextSpawnDay":327,"upgrades":\{"budgetRegen":4,"budgetCap":3,"ANALYSIS":6,"HUMINT":4,"SIGINT":5,"FIELD_OPS":6,"SPECIAL_OPS":4,"FOREIGN_OPS":6,"COUNTER_INTEL":5\},"hvts":[\{"id":"H9","type":"ORG","alias":"THE HOLLOW DIRECTIVE","role":"STATE PROXY","org":"FILE: THANATOS","threat":4,"location":"FOREIGN","status":"ACTIVE","knownFields":\{"type":"STATE PROXY","base":"Prague, Czech Republic","leader":"THE BANKER","network":"weapons specialist","objective":"the establishment of a permanent covert military presence in a neutral country"\},"gaps":[],"linkedMissionIds":["M9","M12","M14","M18","M21","M26","M32","M59"],"linkedPlotId":"P2","addedDay":53,"detainedAt":null,"detainedDay":null,"interrogationCount":0,"surveillanceEstablished":false,"handedTo":null\},\{"id":"H11","type":"ORG","alias":"THE SILVER ORCHID","role":"TERROR NETWORK","org":"FILE: ORACLE","threat":4,"location":"FOREIGN","status":"ACTIVE","knownFields":\{"type":"TERROR NETWORK","base":"Mosul, Iraq","network":"Partially mapped","objective":"the assassination of a senior government official"\},"gaps":["Network leadership unidentified"],"linkedMissionIds":["M8","M11","M13","M17","M20"],"linkedPlotId":"P1","addedDay":63,"detainedAt":null,"detainedDay":null,"interrogationCount":0,"surveillanceEstablished":false,"handedTo":null\},\{"id":"H20","type":"ORG","alias":"THE SUNKEN CIRCLE","role":"STATE PROXY","org":"FILE: PROMETHEUS","threat":4,"location":"FOREIGN","status":"ACTIVE","knownFields":\{"type":"STATE PROXY","base":"Bogot\'e1, Colombia","leader":"THE SURGEON","network":"logistics coordinator","objective":"the establishment of a permanent covert military presence in a neutral country","infiltration":"ACTIVE \'97 inside asset producing intelligence"\},"gaps":[],"linkedMissionIds":["M27","M30","M35","M38","M39","M41","M69"],"linkedPlotId":"P4","addedDay":108,"detainedAt":null,"detainedDay":null,"interrogationCount":0,"surveillanceEstablished":false,"handedTo":null\},\{"id":"H28","type":"ORG","alias":"THE SUNKEN COVENANT","role":"TERROR NETWORK","org":"FILE: ICARUS","threat":4,"location":"FOREIGN","status":"ACTIVE","knownFields":\{"type":"TERROR NETWORK","base":"Khartoum, Sudan","network":"field commander","objective":"a mass-casualty event targeting civilian population centers","leader":"THE GARDENER","infiltration":"ACTIVE \'97 inside asset producing intelligence"\},"gaps":[],"linkedMissionIds":["M48","M49","M52","M54","M57","M80"],"linkedPlotId":"P5","addedDay":154,"detainedAt":null,"detainedDay":null,"interrogationCount":0,"surveillanceEstablished":false,"handedTo":null\},\{"id":"H30","type":"ORG","alias":"THE SILENT VANGUARD","role":"TERROR NETWORK","org":"FILE: HYDRA","threat":3,"location":"FOREIGN","status":"ACTIVE","knownFields":\{"type":"TERROR NETWORK","base":"Riyadh, Saudi Arabia","leader":"THE DIRECTOR","network":"communications handler","objective":"a coordinated multi-site attack on critical infrastructure","infiltration":"ACTIVE \'97 inside asset producing intelligence"\},"gaps":[],"linkedMissionIds":["M51","M53","M56","M58","M61","M81"],"linkedPlotId":"P6","addedDay":161,"detainedAt":null,"detainedDay":null,"interrogationCount":0,"surveillanceEstablished":false,"handedTo":null\},\{"id":"H40","type":"HVT","alias":"RAPTOR","role":"propaganda coordinator","org":"STATE PROXY \'97 FILE PROMETHEUS","threat":5,"location":"FOREIGN","status":"DETAINED","knownFields":\{"city":"Bamako","country":"Mali"\},"gaps":[],"linkedMissionIds":["M92","M96","M102","M106","M113"],"addedDay":224,"detainedAt":"Facility REDLINE","detainedDay":298,"interrogationCount":3,"surveillanceEstablished":true,"handedTo":null,"trackedDay":273,"trackedExpiry":301,"interrogationCooldown":327\},\{"id":"H48","type":"HVT","alias":"NEMESIS","role":"a rogue technology broker","org":"AGENCY FAVOR","threat":5,"location":"FOREIGN","status":"HANDED_OVER","knownFields":\{"city":"Shanghai","country":"China"\},"gaps":[],"linkedMissionIds":["M110"],"addedDay":283,"detainedAt":"Safe House BRAVO-4","detainedDay":283,"interrogationCount":0,"surveillanceEstablished":false,"trackedDay":null,"trackedExpiry":null,"handedTo":"AGENCY","factionId":null,"hvtIntelType":false,"hardness":"MODERATE"\},\{"id":"H49","type":"HVT","alias":"WOLF","role":"suspected cell leader","org":"COUNTER-TERRORISM","threat":4,"location":"DOMESTIC","status":"NEUTRALIZED","knownFields":\{"city":"Seattle","country":"United States"\},"gaps":[],"linkedMissionIds":["M112"],"addedDay":291,"detainedAt":null,"detainedDay":null,"interrogationCount":0,"surveillanceEstablished":false,"trackedDay":null,"trackedExpiry":null,"handedTo":null,"factionId":null,"hvtIntelType":false,"hardness":"MODERATE"\},\{"id":"H50","type":"HVT","alias":"KINGPIN","role":"cell commander","org":"COUNTER-TERRORISM","threat":5,"location":"DOMESTIC","status":"TRACKED","knownFields":\{"city":"Seattle","country":"United States"\},"gaps":[],"linkedMissionIds":["M114","M123"],"addedDay":293,"detainedAt":null,"detainedDay":null,"interrogationCount":0,"surveillanceEstablished":true,"handedTo":null,"factionId":null,"hvtIntelType":false,"linkedPlotId":null,"hardness":"ELITE","trackedDay":312,"trackedExpiry":333\},\{"id":"H51","type":"HVT","alias":"CURARE","role":"communications handler","org":"STATE PROXY \'97 FILE PROMETHEUS","threat":5,"location":"FOREIGN","status":"TRACKED","knownFields":\{"city":"Bamako","country":"Mali"\},"gaps":[],"linkedMissionIds":["M121","M124"],"addedDay":312,"detainedAt":null,"detainedDay":null,"interrogationCount":0,"surveillanceEstablished":true,"handedTo":null,"factionId":null,"hvtIntelType":false,"linkedPlotId":null,"hardness":"MODERATE","trackedDay":320,"trackedExpiry":356\},\{"id":"H52","type":"HVT","alias":"WOLF","role":"recruitment officer","org":"COUNTER-TERRORISM","threat":5,"location":"DOMESTIC","status":"NEUTRALIZED","knownFields":\{"city":"Seattle","country":"United States"\},"gaps":[],"linkedMissionIds":["M120"],"addedDay":315,"detainedAt":null,"detainedDay":null,"interrogationCount":0,"surveillanceEstablished":false,"trackedDay":null,"trackedExpiry":null,"handedTo":null,"factionId":null,"hvtIntelType":false,"hardness":"MODERATE"\},\{"id":"H53","type":"HVT","alias":"BASILISK","role":"a senior network coordinator","org":"AGENCY FAVOR","threat":5,"location":"FOREIGN","status":"HANDED_OVER","knownFields":\{"city":"Addis Ababa","country":"Ethiopia"\},"gaps":[],"linkedMissionIds":["M119"],"addedDay":315,"detainedAt":"Auxiliary Site KILO","detainedDay":315,"interrogationCount":0,"surveillanceEstablished":false,"trackedDay":null,"trackedExpiry":null,"handedTo":"AGENCY","factionId":null,"hvtIntelType":false,"hardness":"MODERATE"\},\{"id":"H54","type":"HVT","alias":"SOLSTICE","role":"financial facilitator","org":"STATE PROXY \'97 FILE PROMETHEUS","threat":5,"location":"FOREIGN","status":"ACTIVE","knownFields":\{"city":"Bamako","country":"Mali"\},"gaps":["Identity requires verification","Current location unconfirmed","Security detail unknown"],"linkedMissionIds":["M125"],"addedDay":320,"detainedAt":null,"detainedDay":null,"interrogationCount":0,"surveillanceEstablished":false,"handedTo":null,"factionId":null,"hvtIntelType":false,"linkedPlotId":null,"hardness":"MODERATE"\},\{"id":"H55","type":"HVT","alias":"BROKEN DAGGER","role":"Unknown","org":"INTERNAL SECURITY","threat":2,"location":"DOMESTIC","status":"NEUTRALIZED","knownFields":\{"city":"Boston","country":"United States"\},"gaps":[],"linkedMissionIds":["M118"],"addedDay":323,"detainedAt":null,"detainedDay":null,"interrogationCount":0,"surveillanceEstablished":false,"trackedDay":null,"trackedExpiry":null,"handedTo":null,"factionId":"FIVE_EYES_CORE","hvtIntelType":true,"hardness":"MODERATE"\}],"hvtIdCounter":55,"relations":\{"BUREAU":\{"relation":92,"favorsCompleted":3,"favorsFailed":0\},"AGENCY":\{"relation":96,"favorsCompleted":6,"favorsFailed":1\},"MILITARY":\{"relation":91,"favorsCompleted":5,"favorsFailed":2\}\},"currentFolder":"inbox","events":\{"lastEventDay":322,"activeEffects":[\{"id":"GEO_FAVOR_GE8_MILITARY","label":"Geo Crisis \'97 Middle East (MILITARY)","type":"geo_favor_boost","agency":"MILITARY","amount":20,"geoEventId":"GE8","daysLeft":32\},\{"id":"GEO_FAVOR_GE8_AGENCY","label":"Geo Crisis \'97 Middle East (AGENCY)","type":"geo_favor_boost","agency":"AGENCY","amount":10,"geoEventId":"GE8","daysLeft":32\},\{"id":"GEO_FAVOR_GE9_AGENCY","label":"Geo Crisis \'97 Western Europe (AGENCY)","type":"geo_favor_boost","agency":"AGENCY","amount":15,"geoEventId":"GE9","daysLeft":13\},\{"id":"GEO_FAVOR_GE9_BUREAU","label":"Geo Crisis \'97 Western Europe (BUREAU)","type":"geo_favor_boost","agency":"BUREAU","amount":10,"geoEventId":"GE9","daysLeft":13\},\{"id":"GEO_FAVOR_GE11_AGENCY","label":"Geo Crisis \'97 Africa (AGENCY)","type":"geo_favor_boost","agency":"AGENCY","amount":15,"geoEventId":"GE11","daysLeft":10\},\{"id":"GEO_FAVOR_GE11_MILITARY","label":"Geo Crisis \'97 Africa (MILITARY)","type":"geo_favor_boost","agency":"MILITARY","amount":10,"geoEventId":"GE11","daysLeft":10\},\{"id":"GEO_FAVOR_GE12_AGENCY","label":"Geo Crisis \'97 Latin America (AGENCY)","type":"geo_favor_boost","agency":"AGENCY","amount":15,"geoEventId":"GE12","daysLeft":86\},\{"id":"GEO_FAVOR_GE12_BUREAU","label":"Geo Crisis \'97 Latin America (BUREAU)","type":"geo_favor_boost","agency":"BUREAU","amount":10,"geoEventId":"GE12","daysLeft":86\},\{"id":"ASSET_BURNED_HUMINT","label":"Asset Burned \'97 HUMINT","type":"capacity_reduction","dept":"HUMINT","amount":1,"daysLeft":2\}],"history":[\{"id":"ASSET_BURNED","day":6\},\{"id":"EMERGENCY_FUNDING","day":22\},\{"id":"DEFECTOR_WALKIN","day":27\},\{"id":"MEDIA_LEAK","day":46\},\{"id":"MOLE_SCARE","day":59\},\{"id":"MEDIA_LEAK","day":80\},\{"id":"OVERSIGHT_INVESTIGATION","day":90\},\{"id":"BLACK_MARKET_INTEL","day":102\},\{"id":"CYBER_INTRUSION","day":121\},\{"id":"DEFECTOR_WALKIN","day":130\},\{"id":"LEADERSHIP_CHANGE","day":145\},\{"id":"RECRUITMENT_DRIVE","day":151\},\{"id":"POLITICAL_SCANDAL","day":159\},\{"id":"DEFECTOR_WALKIN","day":164\},\{"id":"POLITICAL_SCANDAL","day":178\},\{"id":"EQUIPMENT_FAILURE","day":184\},\{"id":"OVERSIGHT_INVESTIGATION","day":189\},\{"id":"DIPLOMATIC_INCIDENT","day":197\},\{"id":"BUDGET_HEARING","day":206\},\{"id":"BUDGET_HEARING","day":211\},\{"id":"EMERGENCY_FUNDING","day":219\},\{"id":"CYBER_INTRUSION","day":232\},\{"id":"RECRUITMENT_DRIVE","day":253\},\{"id":"OVERSIGHT_INVESTIGATION","day":259\},\{"id":"BUDGET_HEARING","day":269\},\{"id":"MEDIA_LEAK","day":277\},\{"id":"FOREIGN_AGENCY_OFFER","day":292\},\{"id":"DIPLOMATIC_INCIDENT","day":304\},\{"id":"ALLIED_INTEL_GIFT","day":314\},\{"id":"ASSET_BURNED","day":322\}],"efficiencyMods":\{\}\},"eliteUnits":[\{"id":"EU1","deptId":"SIGINT","deptName":"Signals Intelligence","prefix":"Station","name":"RELAY","fullName":"Station RELAY","desc":"A specialist signals station with advanced intercept and decryption capability.","bonusValue":8,"missionsCompleted":10,"forgedOnMission":"IRON ORACLE","forgedDay":28,"alive":false,"fate":"RETIRED","deathDay":169,"deathMission":null,"lastDeployedDay":164,"intelFieldBonus":1,"stars":1,"title":"Elite"\},\{"id":"EU2","deptId":"SPECIAL_OPS","deptName":"Special Activities","prefix":"Element","name":"RAPTOR","fullName":"Element RAPTOR","desc":"A tier-one direct action element with an exceptional mission record.","bonusValue":12,"missionsCompleted":20,"forgedOnMission":"COPPER BLADE","forgedDay":41,"alive":true,"fate":null,"deathDay":null,"deathMission":null,"lastDeployedDay":321,"intelFieldBonus":0,"stars":1,"title":"Elite"\},\{"id":"EU3","deptId":"ANALYSIS","deptName":"Analysis Bureau","prefix":"Desk","name":"QUILL","fullName":"Desk QUILL","desc":"An elite analytical desk renowned for pattern recognition and threat assessment.","bonusValue":8,"missionsCompleted":16,"forgedOnMission":"SILENT BASTION","forgedDay":51,"alive":true,"fate":null,"deathDay":null,"deathMission":null,"lastDeployedDay":309,"intelFieldBonus":1,"stars":1,"title":"Elite"\},\{"id":"EU4","deptId":"SIGINT","deptName":"Signals Intelligence","prefix":"Station","name":"INTERCEPT","fullName":"Station INTERCEPT","desc":"A specialist signals station with advanced intercept and decryption capability.","bonusValue":8,"missionsCompleted":7,"forgedOnMission":"BLACK MANTIS","forgedDay":83,"alive":false,"fate":"RETIRED","deathDay":167,"deathMission":null,"lastDeployedDay":165,"intelFieldBonus":0,"stars":0,"title":"Elite"\},\{"id":"EU5","deptId":"HUMINT","deptName":"Human Intelligence","prefix":"Handler","name":"COURIER","fullName":"Handler COURIER","desc":"A veteran handler network with deep source access and exceptional tradecraft.","bonusValue":8,"missionsCompleted":3,"forgedOnMission":"TITAN GATE","forgedDay":115,"alive":false,"fate":"BURNED","deathDay":204,"deathMission":"MIDNIGHT STORM","lastDeployedDay":200,"intelFieldBonus":0,"stars":0,"title":"Elite"\},\{"id":"EU6","deptId":"ANALYSIS","deptName":"Analysis Bureau","prefix":"Desk","name":"PRISM","fullName":"Desk PRISM","desc":"An elite analytical desk renowned for pattern recognition and threat assessment.","bonusValue":8,"missionsCompleted":2,"forgedOnMission":"ROUGE CROWN","forgedDay":129,"alive":false,"fate":"RETIRED","deathDay":186,"deathMission":null,"lastDeployedDay":182,"intelFieldBonus":0,"stars":0,"title":"Elite"\},\{"id":"EU7","deptId":"SIGINT","deptName":"Signals Intelligence","prefix":"Station","name":"FREQUENCY","fullName":"Station FREQUENCY","desc":"A specialist signals station with advanced intercept and decryption capability.","bonusValue":8,"missionsCompleted":11,"forgedOnMission":"SILVER GAVEL","forgedDay":169,"alive":true,"fate":null,"deathDay":null,"deathMission":null,"lastDeployedDay":313,"intelFieldBonus":1,"stars":1,"title":"Elite"\},\{"id":"EU8","deptId":"SPECIAL_OPS","deptName":"Special Activities","prefix":"Element","name":"RAPTOR","fullName":"Element RAPTOR","desc":"A tier-one direct action element with an exceptional mission record.","bonusValue":8,"missionsCompleted":1,"forgedOnMission":"STEEL SERPENT","forgedDay":181,"alive":false,"fate":"RETIRED","deathDay":181,"deathMission":null,"lastDeployedDay":null,"intelFieldBonus":0,"stars":0,"title":"Elite"\},\{"id":"EU9","deptId":"ANALYSIS","deptName":"Analysis Bureau","prefix":"Desk","name":"LENS","fullName":"Desk LENS","desc":"An elite analytical desk renowned for pattern recognition and threat assessment.","bonusValue":8,"missionsCompleted":1,"forgedOnMission":"SHADOW WRAITH","forgedDay":186,"alive":false,"fate":"RETIRED","deathDay":186,"deathMission":null,"lastDeployedDay":null,"intelFieldBonus":0,"stars":0,"title":"Elite"\},\{"id":"EU10","deptId":"HUMINT","deptName":"Human Intelligence","prefix":"Handler","name":"SHEPHERD","fullName":"Handler SHEPHERD","desc":"A veteran handler network with deep source access and exceptional tradecraft.","bonusValue":8,"missionsCompleted":9,"forgedOnMission":"BURNING WARLOCK","forgedDay":190,"alive":true,"fate":null,"deathDay":null,"deathMission":null,"lastDeployedDay":321,"intelFieldBonus":0,"stars":0,"title":"Elite"\},\{"id":"EU11","deptId":"SIGINT","deptName":"Signals Intelligence","prefix":"Station","name":"ECHO","fullName":"Station ECHO","desc":"A specialist signals station with advanced intercept and decryption capability.","bonusValue":8,"intelFieldBonus":0,"stars":0,"title":"Elite","missionsCompleted":1,"forgedOnMission":"SILVER CONDOR","forgedDay":231,"alive":false,"fate":"RETIRED","deathDay":231,"deathMission":null,"lastDeployedDay":null\},\{"id":"EU12","deptId":"COUNTER_INTEL","deptName":"Counter-Intelligence","prefix":"Section","name":"BULWARK","fullName":"Section BULWARK","desc":"A dedicated CI section with a proven record of identifying and neutralizing threats.","bonusValue":8,"intelFieldBonus":0,"stars":0,"title":"Elite","missionsCompleted":4,"forgedOnMission":"DARK WARDEN","forgedDay":241,"alive":true,"fate":null,"deathDay":null,"deathMission":null,"lastDeployedDay":322\},\{"id":"EU13","deptId":"FOREIGN_OPS","deptName":"Foreign Operations","prefix":"Cell","name":"PASSAGE","fullName":"Cell PASSAGE","desc":"An elite clandestine cell with extensive foreign operational experience.","bonusValue":8,"intelFieldBonus":0,"stars":0,"title":"Elite","missionsCompleted":4,"forgedOnMission":"COBALT CROSSBOW","forgedDay":252,"alive":true,"fate":null,"deathDay":null,"deathMission":null,"lastDeployedDay":322\},\{"id":"EU14","deptId":"SIGINT","deptName":"Signals Intelligence","prefix":"Station","name":"WAVE","fullName":"Station WAVE","desc":"A specialist signals station with advanced intercept and decryption capability.","bonusValue":8,"intelFieldBonus":0,"stars":0,"title":"Elite","missionsCompleted":1,"forgedOnMission":"BROKEN DAGGER","forgedDay":323,"alive":false,"fate":"RETIRED","deathDay":323,"deathMission":null,"lastDeployedDay":null\}],"eliteIdCounter":14,"operatives":[],"squads":[],"operativeIdCounter":0,"squadIdCounter":0,"defcon":5,"headlines":[\{"day":323,"text":"the FBI Confirms Detention of Suspected group Operatives","positive":true,"category":"domestic"\},\{"day":316,"text":"Security Sources Report Successful Operation Against group in Netherlands","positive":true,"category":"foreign"\},\{"day":315,"text":"Western Intelligence Sources Linked to Operation in Addis Ababa","positive":true,"category":"foreign"\},\{"day":315,"text":"Threat to a sports stadium in Seattle Eliminated, Security Officials Confirm","positive":true,"category":"domestic"\},\{"day":312,"text":"the FBI Operation in Seattle Leads to Multiple Arrests","positive":true,"category":"domestic"\},\{"day":303,"text":"Sources: Rogue Intelligence Unit Behind Failed Kabul Operation","positive":false,"category":"failure-noisy"\},\{"day":298,"text":"Security Sources Report Successful Operation Against group in Mali","positive":true,"category":"foreign"\},\{"day":291,"text":"the FBI Foils Terror Plot Targeting a crowded market in Seattle","positive":true,"category":"domestic"\},\{"day":286,"text":"Authorities Confirm Disruption of attack_type Plot in Seattle","positive":true,"category":"domestic"\},\{"day":283,"text":"Unnamed Officials Confirm Neutralization of High-Value Target in China","positive":true,"category":"foreign"\},\{"day":277,"text":"Western Intelligence Sources Linked to Operation in Islamabad","positive":true,"category":"foreign"\},\{"day":276,"text":"Authorities Announce Arrests in Chicago Following Counter-Terror Operation","positive":true,"category":"domestic"\},\{"day":273,"text":"Officials Decline Comment on Reports of Covert Action in Mali","positive":true,"category":"foreign"\},\{"day":273,"text":"the FBI Operation in Seattle Leads to Multiple Arrests","positive":true,"category":"domestic"\},\{"day":269,"text":"Former Officials: Addis Ababa Debacle Points to Unauthorized Black Program","positive":false,"category":"failure-noisy"\},\{"day":263,"text":"the FBI Foils Terror Plot Targeting a religious site in Los Angeles","positive":true,"category":"domestic"\},\{"day":262,"text":"Militant Leader Reported Dead Following Budapest Raid \'97 Unconfirmed","positive":true,"category":"foreign"\},\{"day":257,"text":"Authorities Confirm Disruption of attack_type Plot in Miami","positive":true,"category":"domestic"\},\{"day":254,"text":"Reports of Targeted Strike in Damascus, Syria \'97 No Official Comment","positive":true,"category":"foreign"\},\{"day":254,"text":"47 Dead in Seattle: Families Demand Answers on Covert Operation","positive":false,"category":"failure-noisy"\}],"geo":\{"theaters":\{"MIDDLE_EAST":\{"risk":5,"eventCount":3\},"EASTERN_EUROPE":\{"risk":2,"eventCount":2\},"CENTRAL_ASIA":\{"risk":3,"eventCount":0\},"EAST_ASIA":\{"risk":2,"eventCount":0\},"AFRICA":\{"risk":4,"eventCount":4\},"LATIN_AMERICA":\{"risk":3,"eventCount":2\},"WESTERN_EUROPE":\{"risk":3,"eventCount":1\},"NORTH_AMERICA":\{"risk":1,"eventCount":0\}\},"activeEvents":[\{"id":"GE8","typeId":"REGIONAL_WAR","theaterId":"MIDDLE_EAST","label":"REGIONAL WAR","icon":"\u9876 ","severity":5,"headline":"Open warfare has erupted in Middle East. Multiple state actors engaged. Intelligence demand critical.","startDay":185,"duration":170,"endDay":355,"riskBoost":3,"favorBoost":\{"MILITARY":20,"AGENCY":10\},"missionRateMultiplier":2.5,"orgSpawned":false,"terrorSpawned":true,"resolved":false,"_appliedBoosts":["GEO_FAVOR_GE8_MILITARY","GEO_FAVOR_GE8_AGENCY"]\},\{"id":"GE9","typeId":"INTELLIGENCE_WAR","theaterId":"WESTERN_EUROPE","label":"INTELLIGENCE WAR","icon":"\u55357 \u56385 ","severity":3,"headline":"A coordinated intelligence offensive is underway across Western Europe. Hostile services running aggressive operations.","startDay":231,"duration":105,"endDay":336,"riskBoost":2,"favorBoost":\{"AGENCY":15,"BUREAU":10\},"missionRateMultiplier":1.6,"orgSpawned":false,"terrorSpawned":true,"resolved":false,"_appliedBoosts":["GEO_FAVOR_GE9_AGENCY","GEO_FAVOR_GE9_BUREAU"]\},\{"id":"GE11","typeId":"REGIME_CHANGE","theaterId":"AFRICA","label":"REGIME CHANGE","icon":"\u9878 ","severity":4,"headline":"Coup confirmed in Africa. New regime consolidating power. Massive intelligence reassessment required.","startDay":293,"duration":40,"endDay":333,"riskBoost":2,"favorBoost":\{"AGENCY":15,"MILITARY":10\},"missionRateMultiplier":2,"orgSpawned":false,"terrorSpawned":true,"resolved":false,"_appliedBoosts":["GEO_FAVOR_GE11_AGENCY","GEO_FAVOR_GE11_MILITARY"]\},\{"id":"GE12","typeId":"INTELLIGENCE_WAR","theaterId":"LATIN_AMERICA","label":"INTELLIGENCE WAR","icon":"\u55357 \u56385 ","severity":3,"headline":"Signal intercepts confirm a hostile service has launched a systematic intelligence campaign across Latin America.","startDay":296,"duration":113,"endDay":409,"riskBoost":2,"favorBoost":\{"AGENCY":15,"BUREAU":10\},"missionRateMultiplier":1.6,"orgSpawned":false,"terrorSpawned":false,"resolved":false,"_appliedBoosts":["GEO_FAVOR_GE12_AGENCY","GEO_FAVOR_GE12_BUREAU"]\},\{"id":"GE10","typeId":"INTELLIGENCE_WAR","theaterId":"AFRICA","label":"INTELLIGENCE WAR","icon":"\u55357 \u56385 ","severity":3,"headline":"Signal intercepts confirm a hostile service has launched a systematic intelligence campaign across Africa.","startDay":235,"duration":59,"endDay":294,"riskBoost":2,"favorBoost":\{"AGENCY":15,"BUREAU":10\},"missionRateMultiplier":1.6,"orgSpawned":false,"terrorSpawned":true,"resolved":true,"_appliedBoosts":["GEO_FAVOR_GE10_AGENCY","GEO_FAVOR_GE10_BUREAU"]\},\{"id":"GE6","typeId":"ARMS_RACE","theaterId":"EASTERN_EUROPE","label":"ARMS RACE","icon":"\u9762 ","severity":3,"headline":"Intelligence assessment: Eastern Europe weapons development programs have reached a critical threshold. Strategic balance shifting.","startDay":145,"duration":139,"endDay":284,"riskBoost":2,"favorBoost":\{"MILITARY":15,"AGENCY":10\},"missionRateMultiplier":1.5,"orgSpawned":false,"terrorSpawned":true,"resolved":true,"_appliedBoosts":["GEO_FAVOR_GE6_MILITARY","GEO_FAVOR_GE6_AGENCY"]\},\{"id":"GE5","typeId":"REGIME_CHANGE","theaterId":"MIDDLE_EAST","label":"REGIME CHANGE","icon":"\u9878 ","severity":4,"headline":"A government in Middle East has fallen. Power vacuum forming. Intelligence assets scrambling to establish contact with new actors.","startDay":128,"duration":74,"endDay":202,"riskBoost":2,"favorBoost":\{"AGENCY":15,"MILITARY":10\},"missionRateMultiplier":2,"orgSpawned":true,"terrorSpawned":true,"resolved":true,"_appliedBoosts":["GEO_FAVOR_GE5_AGENCY","GEO_FAVOR_GE5_MILITARY"]\},\{"id":"GE7","typeId":"INSURGENCY","theaterId":"AFRICA","label":"INSURGENCY","icon":"\u55357 \u56613 ","severity":3,"headline":"Insurgent forces in Africa have seized territory. Central authority eroding. Intelligence gaps widening.","startDay":154,"duration":47,"endDay":201,"riskBoost":2,"favorBoost":\{"MILITARY":10,"AGENCY":5\},"missionRateMultiplier":1.8,"orgSpawned":false,"terrorSpawned":true,"resolved":true,"_appliedBoosts":["GEO_FAVOR_GE7_MILITARY","GEO_FAVOR_GE7_AGENCY"]\},\{"id":"GE4","typeId":"PROXY_CONFLICT","theaterId":"AFRICA","label":"PROXY CONFLICT","icon":"\u9873 ","severity":4,"headline":"Africa: rival intelligence services are running parallel destabilization campaigns. Proxy forces multiplying.","startDay":122,"duration":57,"endDay":179,"riskBoost":2,"favorBoost":\{"MILITARY":15,"AGENCY":10\},"missionRateMultiplier":2,"orgSpawned":true,"terrorSpawned":true,"resolved":true,"_appliedBoosts":["GEO_FAVOR_GE4_MILITARY","GEO_FAVOR_GE4_AGENCY"]\},\{"id":"GE1","typeId":"PROXY_CONFLICT","theaterId":"MIDDLE_EAST","label":"PROXY CONFLICT","icon":"\u9873 ","severity":4,"headline":"A shadow war in Middle East has gone hot. State-backed militias engaging in open combat under paper-thin cover.","startDay":17,"duration":136,"endDay":153,"riskBoost":2,"favorBoost":\{"MILITARY":15,"AGENCY":10\},"missionRateMultiplier":2,"orgSpawned":true,"terrorSpawned":true,"resolved":true,"_appliedBoosts":["GEO_FAVOR_GE1_MILITARY","GEO_FAVOR_GE1_AGENCY"]\},\{"id":"GE3","typeId":"INSURGENCY","theaterId":"LATIN_AMERICA","label":"INSURGENCY","icon":"\u55357 \u56613 ","severity":3,"headline":"Latin America: a well-armed insurgency is exploiting governance vacuums. Recruitment accelerating.","startDay":61,"duration":81,"endDay":142,"riskBoost":2,"favorBoost":\{"MILITARY":10,"AGENCY":5\},"missionRateMultiplier":1.8,"orgSpawned":true,"terrorSpawned":true,"resolved":true,"_appliedBoosts":["GEO_FAVOR_GE3_MILITARY","GEO_FAVOR_GE3_AGENCY"]\},\{"id":"GE2","typeId":"INTELLIGENCE_WAR","theaterId":"EASTERN_EUROPE","label":"INTELLIGENCE WAR","icon":"\u55357 \u56385 ","severity":3,"headline":"Eastern Europe: expulsions of diplomatic personnel on both sides. Intelligence war has gone overt.","startDay":43,"duration":84,"endDay":127,"riskBoost":2,"favorBoost":\{"AGENCY":15,"BUREAU":10\},"missionRateMultiplier":1.6,"orgSpawned":true,"terrorSpawned":true,"resolved":true,"_appliedBoosts":["GEO_FAVOR_GE2_AGENCY","GEO_FAVOR_GE2_BUREAU"]\}],"eventIdCounter":12,"nextCheckDay":325,"checkInterval":3\},"plots":[\{"id":"P1","fileName":"ORACLE","orgName":"THE SILVER ORCHID","orgType":"terrorist_network","orgLabel":"TERROR NETWORK","orgDesc":"A decentralized terror network with cells operating across multiple countries.","objective":"the assassination of a senior government official","missionPool":["DOMESTIC_TERROR","FOREIGN_HVT","COUNTER_INTEL"],"threat":4,"region":"FOREIGN","baseCity":"Mosul","baseCountry":"Iraq","leaderAlias":"THE SURGEON","lieutenants":[\{"role":"intelligence officer","known":false,"neutralized":false\},\{"role":"safe house manager","known":false,"neutralized":false\}],"totalSteps":5,"currentStep":5,"missions":[\{"missionId":"M8","stepIndex":0,"typeId":"FOREIGN_HVT","codename":"COPPER BLADE","status":"SUCCESS"\},\{"missionId":"M11","stepIndex":1,"typeId":"COUNTER_INTEL","codename":"MIDNIGHT SPECTER","status":"SUCCESS"\},\{"missionId":"M13","stepIndex":2,"typeId":"COUNTER_INTEL","codename":"WHITE GAVEL","status":"SUCCESS"\},\{"missionId":"M17","stepIndex":3,"typeId":"COUNTER_INTEL","codename":"AZURE REAPER","status":"SUCCESS"\},\{"missionId":"M20","stepIndex":4,"typeId":"COUNTER_INTEL","codename":"COLD WRAITH","status":"SUCCESS"\},\{"missionId":"M116","stepIndex":-1,"typeId":"ORG_INFILTRATION","codename":"AMBER SERPENT","status":"PENDING"\}],"flagged":true,"flaggedDay":63,"flagStepThreshold":3,"status":"ACTIVE","infiltrated":false,"createdDay":28,"nextMissionDay":59,"missionInterval":[4,8],"knownIntel":\{"type":true,"leader":false,"objective":true,"strength":true,"baseLocation":true\},"geoTheaterId":"MIDDLE_EAST"\},\{"id":"P2","fileName":"THANATOS","orgName":"THE HOLLOW DIRECTIVE","orgType":"state_proxy","orgLabel":"STATE PROXY","orgDesc":"A state-directed proxy force conducting asymmetric operations against allied interests.","objective":"the establishment of a permanent covert military presence in a neutral country","missionPool":["FOREIGN_HVT","COUNTER_INTEL","REGIME_OP","ASSET_RESCUE"],"threat":4,"region":"FOREIGN","baseCity":"Prague","baseCountry":"Czech Republic","leaderAlias":"THE BANKER","lieutenants":[\{"role":"recruitment lead","known":false,"neutralized":false\},\{"role":"weapons specialist","known":true,"neutralized":false\}],"totalSteps":7,"currentStep":7,"missions":[\{"missionId":"M9","stepIndex":0,"typeId":"FOREIGN_HVT","codename":"SHADOW LANCE","status":"FAILURE"\},\{"missionId":"M12","stepIndex":1,"typeId":"REGIME_OP","codename":"AMBER FALCON","status":"SUCCESS"\},\{"missionId":"M14","stepIndex":2,"typeId":"ASSET_RESCUE","codename":"STEEL SPECTER","status":"SUCCESS"\},\{"missionId":"M18","stepIndex":3,"typeId":"FOREIGN_HVT","codename":"CHROME ARROW","status":"SUCCESS"\},\{"missionId":"M21","stepIndex":4,"typeId":"REGIME_OP","codename":"GRANITE CITADEL","status":"SUCCESS"\},\{"missionId":"M26","stepIndex":5,"typeId":"FOREIGN_HVT","codename":"BROKEN CITADEL","status":"SUCCESS"\},\{"missionId":"M32","stepIndex":6,"typeId":"ASSET_RESCUE","codename":"GHOST DAWN","status":"FAILURE"\},\{"missionId":"M59","stepIndex":-1,"typeId":"ORG_INFILTRATION","codename":"MIDNIGHT STORM","status":"FAILURE"\}],"flagged":true,"flaggedDay":53,"flagStepThreshold":2,"status":"ACTIVE","infiltrated":false,"createdDay":29,"nextMissionDay":81,"missionInterval":[5,10],"knownIntel":\{"type":true,"leader":true,"objective":true,"strength":true,"baseLocation":true\}\},\{"id":"P3","fileName":"CERBERUS","orgName":"THE SCARLET VEIL","orgType":"criminal_syndicate","orgLabel":"CRIMINAL SYNDICATE","orgDesc":"A syndicate leveraging criminal networks to provide logistical support to hostile actors.","objective":"the laundering of billions through compromised financial institutions","missionPool":["DOMESTIC_TERROR","FOREIGN_HVT","RENDITION"],"threat":2,"region":"FOREIGN","baseCity":"St. Petersburg","baseCountry":"Russia","leaderAlias":"THE PILGRIM","lieutenants":[\{"role":"field commander","known":false,"neutralized":false\},\{"role":"financial officer","known":false,"neutralized":false\}],"totalSteps":4,"currentStep":4,"missions":[\{"missionId":"M16","stepIndex":0,"typeId":"FOREIGN_HVT","codename":"FROZEN RAVEN","status":"SUCCESS"\},\{"missionId":"M19","stepIndex":1,"typeId":"RENDITION","codename":"COPPER WARDEN","status":"SUCCESS"\},\{"missionId":"M22","stepIndex":2,"typeId":"RENDITION","codename":"HOLLOW TOWER","status":"PENDING"\},\{"missionId":"M24","stepIndex":3,"typeId":"DOMESTIC_TERROR","codename":"FALLEN PHANTOM","status":"PENDING"\}],"flagged":false,"flaggedDay":null,"flagStepThreshold":3,"status":"ACTIVE","infiltrated":false,"createdDay":48,"nextMissionDay":67,"missionInterval":[4,8],"knownIntel":\{"type":false,"leader":false,"objective":false,"strength":false,"baseLocation":false\},"geoTheaterId":"EASTERN_EUROPE"\},\{"id":"P4","fileName":"PROMETHEUS","orgName":"THE SUNKEN CIRCLE","orgType":"state_proxy","orgLabel":"STATE PROXY","orgDesc":"A state-directed proxy force conducting asymmetric operations against allied interests.","objective":"the establishment of a permanent covert military presence in a neutral country","missionPool":["FOREIGN_HVT","COUNTER_INTEL","REGIME_OP","ASSET_RESCUE"],"threat":4,"region":"FOREIGN","baseCity":"Bogot\'e1","baseCountry":"Colombia","leaderAlias":"THE SURGEON","lieutenants":[\{"role":"field commander","known":false,"neutralized":false\},\{"role":"documents forger","known":false,"neutralized":false\},\{"role":"logistics coordinator","known":true,"neutralized":false\},\{"role":"technical specialist","known":false,"neutralized":false\}],"totalSteps":6,"currentStep":6,"missions":[\{"missionId":"M27","stepIndex":0,"typeId":"REGIME_OP","codename":"WHITE GATE","status":"PENDING"\},\{"missionId":"M30","stepIndex":1,"typeId":"REGIME_OP","codename":"INDIGO TIDE","status":"PENDING"\},\{"missionId":"M35","stepIndex":2,"typeId":"REGIME_OP","codename":"GRANITE HAWK","status":"PENDING"\},\{"missionId":"M38","stepIndex":3,"typeId":"FOREIGN_HVT","codename":"GOLDEN ARROW","status":"SUCCESS"\},\{"missionId":"M39","stepIndex":4,"typeId":"FOREIGN_HVT","codename":"CRIMSON CITADEL","status":"SUCCESS"\},\{"missionId":"M41","stepIndex":5,"typeId":"COUNTER_INTEL","codename":"AMBER PHANTOM","status":"SUCCESS"\},\{"missionId":"M69","stepIndex":-1,"typeId":"ORG_INFILTRATION","codename":"STERLING TEMPEST","status":"SUCCESS"\}],"flagged":true,"flaggedDay":108,"flagStepThreshold":2,"status":"ACTIVE","infiltrated":true,"createdDay":70,"nextMissionDay":105,"missionInterval":[4,8],"knownIntel":\{"type":true,"leader":true,"objective":true,"strength":true,"baseLocation":true\},"geoTheaterId":"LATIN_AMERICA"\},\{"id":"P5","fileName":"ICARUS","orgName":"THE SUNKEN COVENANT","orgType":"terrorist_network","orgLabel":"TERROR NETWORK","orgDesc":"A well-funded extremist organization recruiting through encrypted channels.","objective":"a mass-casualty event targeting civilian population centers","missionPool":["DOMESTIC_TERROR","FOREIGN_HVT","COUNTER_INTEL"],"threat":4,"region":"FOREIGN","baseCity":"Khartoum","baseCountry":"Sudan","leaderAlias":"THE GARDENER","lieutenants":[\{"role":"operations planner","known":false,"neutralized":false\},\{"role":"surveillance chief","known":false,"neutralized":false\},\{"role":"field commander","known":true,"neutralized":false\}],"totalSteps":5,"currentStep":5,"missions":[\{"missionId":"M48","stepIndex":0,"typeId":"DOMESTIC_TERROR","codename":"GHOST MIRROR","status":"SUCCESS"\},\{"missionId":"M49","stepIndex":1,"typeId":"FOREIGN_HVT","codename":"STERLING DAGGER","status":"SUCCESS"\},\{"missionId":"M52","stepIndex":2,"typeId":"DOMESTIC_TERROR","codename":"ONYX GAVEL","status":"PENDING"\},\{"missionId":"M54","stepIndex":3,"typeId":"FOREIGN_HVT","codename":"COLD STAR","status":"SUCCESS"\},\{"missionId":"M57","stepIndex":4,"typeId":"FOREIGN_HVT","codename":"SILVER GAVEL","status":"SUCCESS"\},\{"missionId":"M80","stepIndex":-1,"typeId":"ORG_INFILTRATION","codename":"ONYX HAWK","status":"SUCCESS"\}],"flagged":true,"flaggedDay":154,"flagStepThreshold":3,"status":"ACTIVE","infiltrated":true,"createdDay":125,"nextMissionDay":151,"missionInterval":[4,8],"knownIntel":\{"type":true,"leader":true,"objective":true,"strength":true,"baseLocation":true\},"geoTheaterId":"AFRICA"\},\{"id":"P6","fileName":"HYDRA","orgName":"THE SILENT VANGUARD","orgType":"terrorist_network","orgLabel":"TERROR NETWORK","orgDesc":"A decentralized terror network with cells operating across multiple countries.","objective":"a coordinated multi-site attack on critical infrastructure","missionPool":["DOMESTIC_TERROR","FOREIGN_HVT","COUNTER_INTEL"],"threat":3,"region":"FOREIGN","baseCity":"Riyadh","baseCountry":"Saudi Arabia","leaderAlias":"THE DIRECTOR","lieutenants":[\{"role":"surveillance chief","known":false,"neutralized":false\},\{"role":"communications handler","known":true,"neutralized":false\}],"totalSteps":5,"currentStep":5,"missions":[\{"missionId":"M51","stepIndex":0,"typeId":"COUNTER_INTEL","codename":"CRIMSON ANVIL","status":"SUCCESS"\},\{"missionId":"M53","stepIndex":1,"typeId":"DOMESTIC_TERROR","codename":"COBALT WOLF","status":"PENDING"\},\{"missionId":"M56","stepIndex":2,"typeId":"FOREIGN_HVT","codename":"SILVER ARROW","status":"SUCCESS"\},\{"missionId":"M58","stepIndex":3,"typeId":"DOMESTIC_TERROR","codename":"GRANITE CROWN","status":"SUCCESS"\},\{"missionId":"M61","stepIndex":4,"typeId":"DOMESTIC_TERROR","codename":"INDIGO LANCE","status":"SUCCESS"\},\{"missionId":"M81","stepIndex":-1,"typeId":"ORG_INFILTRATION","codename":"CHROME FALCON","status":"SUCCESS"\}],"flagged":true,"flaggedDay":161,"flagStepThreshold":2,"status":"ACTIVE","infiltrated":true,"createdDay":136,"nextMissionDay":162,"missionInterval":[4,8],"knownIntel":\{"type":true,"leader":true,"objective":true,"strength":true,"baseLocation":true\},"geoTheaterId":"MIDDLE_EAST"\}],"plotIdCounter":6,"plotNextCheck":44,"selectedType":"mission","intelMessages":[],"intelIdCounter":87,"_pendingHandovers":[],"intel":53,"intelLifetime":143,"playerFactionId":"FIVE_EYES_CORE","homeTheaterId":"NORTH_AMERICA","networks":\{"MIDDLE_EAST":\{"health":14.09286,"floor":0,"floorDecayDay":214,"factions":\{"FIVE_EYES_CORE":14.09286,"EUROPEAN_ACCORD":9.89926,"EASTERN_DIRECTORATE":9.38767,"CRESCENT_CIRCLE":33.24619,"SILK_ROAD_BUREAU":8.02131,"PACIFIC_RING":9.54919,"SAHEL_COMPACT":6.13189,"SOUTHERN_CROSS":9.67164\}\},"EASTERN_EUROPE":\{"health":12.65977,"floor":0,"floorDecayDay":214,"factions":\{"FIVE_EYES_CORE":12.65977,"EUROPEAN_ACCORD":9.12029,"EASTERN_DIRECTORATE":33.3943,"CRESCENT_CIRCLE":8.60868,"SILK_ROAD_BUREAU":9.42824,"PACIFIC_RING":8.2243,"SAHEL_COMPACT":9.22041,"SOUTHERN_CROSS":9.34402\}\},"CENTRAL_ASIA":\{"health":12.16551,"floor":0,"floorDecayDay":214,"factions":\{"FIVE_EYES_CORE":12.16551,"EUROPEAN_ACCORD":7.86198,"EASTERN_DIRECTORATE":9.33866,"CRESCENT_CIRCLE":8.52194,"SILK_ROAD_BUREAU":34.67042,"PACIFIC_RING":9.45466,"SAHEL_COMPACT":9.3683,"SOUTHERN_CROSS":8.61854\}\},"EAST_ASIA":\{"health":11.61533,"floor":0,"floorDecayDay":214,"factions":\{"FIVE_EYES_CORE":11.61533,"EUROPEAN_ACCORD":9.12594,"EASTERN_DIRECTORATE":10.3079,"CRESCENT_CIRCLE":8.56842,"SILK_ROAD_BUREAU":9.07891,"PACIFIC_RING":33.01761,"SAHEL_COMPACT":8.8442,"SOUTHERN_CROSS":9.4417\}\},"AFRICA":\{"health":14.76445,"floor":0,"floorDecayDay":214,"factions":\{"FIVE_EYES_CORE":14.76445,"EUROPEAN_ACCORD":9.26944,"EASTERN_DIRECTORATE":7.84484,"CRESCENT_CIRCLE":7.84859,"SILK_ROAD_BUREAU":9.38336,"PACIFIC_RING":8.12919,"SAHEL_COMPACT":32.84181,"SOUTHERN_CROSS":9.91833\}\},"LATIN_AMERICA":\{"health":4.35501,"floor":0,"floorDecayDay":214,"factions":\{"FIVE_EYES_CORE":4.35501,"EUROPEAN_ACCORD":9.91242,"EASTERN_DIRECTORATE":10.33963,"CRESCENT_CIRCLE":10.13646,"SILK_ROAD_BUREAU":9.14126,"PACIFIC_RING":8.84374,"SAHEL_COMPACT":10.3583,"SOUTHERN_CROSS":36.91318\}\},"WESTERN_EUROPE":\{"health":6.37281,"floor":0,"floorDecayDay":214,"factions":\{"FIVE_EYES_CORE":6.37281,"EUROPEAN_ACCORD":36.66739,"EASTERN_DIRECTORATE":9.50103,"CRESCENT_CIRCLE":9.13927,"SILK_ROAD_BUREAU":9.87088,"PACIFIC_RING":9.65358,"SAHEL_COMPACT":9.31623,"SOUTHERN_CROSS":9.47882\}\},"NORTH_AMERICA":\{"health":57.95796,"floor":0,"floorDecayDay":214,"factions":\{"FIVE_EYES_CORE":57.95796,"EUROPEAN_ACCORD":5.99129,"EASTERN_DIRECTORATE":5.86223,"CRESCENT_CIRCLE":6.00446,"SILK_ROAD_BUREAU":6.01798,"PACIFIC_RING":5.84739,"SAHEL_COMPACT":6.1064,"SOUTHERN_CROSS":6.21229\}\}\},"_countryCode":"USA"\}\}\}\
}